Who won J-15 2021? The company that you're most interested in! Are you a streamer? Elgato
has some new and improved accessories for you. Are you a gamer? Valve has a way for
you to play games away from your keyboard and outside of your home. Are you a fan of
Path of Exile? New content! Why does one have to win? Because life is a competition!
Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to talk about at least
two of these J-15 drops and the rest of the week's gaming news. Starting right now on
the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. We are live once again with episode
number 876 of our show for this July the 18th of 2021. My name is Rob Roberts and
I am joined with you live as I am every week by my co-hosts. First off, say hello to the
one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Oh, hi.
Hi, how are you?
I'm alright. How are you?
Good. It was good to see you today.
Yeah, it was good to see you. I was up too early, but y'all were worth it.
So Pokemon GO Fest was this weekend. I guess I'll get into it now. So, you know, even though
I know some of y'all say dead game, it did celebrate its five year anniversary and it
does seem to have a lot of people still playing it and I'm one of them. And so those of you
that listen to the show, if it's your first episode of OLR, hi, welcome. We talk about
video games, but we talk about a lot of our lives and a lot of tangent trains and stuff
too. So it happens sometimes. And one of the conductors of a lot of those tangent trains
is our friend Shane, uh, that comes up on the show a lot. So, um, he was actually here
this weekend because the purpose was to go play Pokemon GO in San Francisco. And you
might wonder why on earth would somebody drive all the way from Idaho to San Francisco to
play Pokemon GO? Well, number one, it's Shane. He does things like that. Number two, it was
a nice, cool 65 degrees in San Francisco yesterday. Ask how hot it was.
Nice to meet his hubby too.
Yeah. Ask how hot it was here in Sacramento or Boise. It was not quite 97. Yeah. It was
very hot yesterday. So, uh, it was, it was great. Yeah. So this morning, uh, before they
set out back home, uh, we met up with dark Sakura for some, uh, crepes. It was good.
So uh, yes. And I still have my leftovers. Yes. And the nice thing about that too is
that if you notice for those, uh, listening or watching, I should say live on Twitch because
we are a podcast. We've had a podcast for a very long time on our podcast feed at orange
songs, radio.com. But, uh, we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific
nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby black Wolf show at vog network, twitch.tv
slash vog network. And if you are watching on Twitch, then when I hold up this little
present that dark Sakura got for me, you can see what it is there. And maybe those of you
that have been listening to show for a little bit know why this is really funny. Um, because
I am holding up a figure of ketchup from animal crossing who was my BFF, uh, during the pandemic
because I had no other friends besides Alan during the pandemic. And I bought this for
you like last year. Yes. So you were finally able to give it to me today. Um, so that was
great. Love that. So let me put her back up here next to me. It's a delicate balancing
act there with sobble right next to her. Okay. There we go. Anyway, so yeah, it was
good to see you today. Um, and I see in chat over there, uh, there's a lot of cute and
so forth. Uh, darted CS says, OMG, ketchup plushie. I need one. Well, they're there,
you know, the internet is a big place and there's lots of things on it. All right. You're
welcome to DM me. One of those other things you will find on the internet is tech master
Loki also joining us. Hi Loki. I'm here on the internet. You are on the internet. What
you have quite a bit of internet playing behind you tonight. What in the world is that? It's
all of the internet, the entire internet. It's it's Marvel versus Capcom three because
we don't talk about infinite. That doesn't exist. You're right. What is that game? I've
never heard of it. Okay. So I thought I was good. Marvel versus Capcom game. You think
they'll do another one of those eventually? I hope it doesn't suck like infinite. Yeah,
but there's always those rumors that they're going to cook up another one for the current
generation of consoles. It got weird though. See like with infinite, like it got weird
because it was a lot of the MCU characters that they brought in there. So like I prefer
more some of these obscure characters in there. Like if they were like, for example, if they
were going to do like a, well, Marvel would, they would never do a Capcom DC fighting game
that would still be really awesome though. But like, you know, we want like star row
in there or something like that for a DC Capcom fighting game. But like, like, I like a like
Shuma graph and like all the, like even a lot of the Capcom characters are really awesome.
Like I, I liked that mix of those characters. I think that's great. So I would like, I would
like to see one more kind of akin to the Marvel versus Capcom three where it was still two
D ish and stuff, and maybe not, not do what they did with infinite. Yeah. A Marvel versus
DC fighting game is just never going to happen. It's literally see that it's literally as
likely as a street fighter versus mortal combat. In fact, I would argue street fighter versus
mortal combat is more likely because at least you're dealing with the studio's original
creations with those. But I, I always, I always have appreciated the irony that the studio
behind street fighter has Marvel and the studio behind mortal combat has DC injustice. Right.
So I've, I've always appreciated that irony. That's a good, and I, I like the injustice
games actually. That's probably, yeah. Ironically though, that is kind of just like how they
work with their movies as well. Like more as Marvel and a lot of their movies are kind
of tongue in cheek a little bit. Like some of them know how ridiculous they are and they
kind of throw a bit of comedy in there. Whereas DC takes their movies way too serious and
a little too dark sometimes, which is just like, um, so that's kind of like how they
were treated a little bit with like their, you know, injustice games and stuff like that.
It's, it's less funny and more like this is serious fighting. You know, it, it needs to
be a little ridiculous. We need to go more suicide squad, like a suicide squad fighting
game would be a great game, but like, those are some of the characters I'd like to see
in a fighting game, something like that, you know, a bit more ridiculous. There was very
recently a tweet by, I think it was Ed Boon or something. Maybe it was the studio itself
that pretty much said mortal combat 11 is done. It we're now at the end of, uh, I don't
want to say support, but end of a cycle basically for Mortal Kombat 11, meaning no more DLC,
no more costumes, no more. There's no more to look forward to Mortal Kombat 11. It's
all out there, but I bring that up because that makes it very obvious that nether realms
move on to their next game, which we all assume is injustice three, but there's other directions
they could go. Um, they haven't announced anything official yet, so who knows? Right.
Um, going into our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network, a pod culture says the injustice
games are awesome. Uh, break man says injustice are good games. The justice justice league
fighting game was so bad. Uh, break man also says, I want someone to make celebrity death
match into a video game. I think it was, wasn't off. They did. It was on the PlayStation.
Yeah. Early on. It wasn't very good. It's PlayStation or PlayStation two, but they did
have a celebrity death match game. They did. And they, they had to get only certain celebrities
that would release their likenesses. So they kinda, they were, they were really a scraping
by on that, but yeah, it's, it's not a good game. So you forgetting it is okay. Um, and
then tiger class pointing out, there is a teenage mutant Ninja turtles versus justice
league fan game. And I was going to say, as far as the mortal combat and street fighter
game collides go, um, that fan games, that's what you're going to get. Uh, what is that
Mugen or what is that thing? Everybody like the fighting game multiverse. Yeah. That's,
that's as good as you're going to get for that stuff is actually a really good emulator.
And I would say Mugen probably is better than some of like the, what you'll get with some
of these other games, as far as like Marvel versus Capcom infinite. I think they would,
yes, I would think that they would treat their character like, cause you have fans making
these characters. So I think they would treat them, you know, with a little bit more respect.
Um, just, you know, never go up against any fast food mascots or anything like that. Cause
you're just going to get destroyed though. And Superman has nothing on Ronald McDonald.
So that's right. I remember that. Yikes. All right. Anyway, uh, let's talk about, uh, the
news. There was a surprising amount of news this week. So, um, Jason very tongue in cheek
there in the intro, there was talking about J 15 and we were kind of texting before the
show and he said, you know, it's like E3, but on July 15th, it's J 15. And I'm like,
honestly, I get it. Like there was a surprising amount of like just big news drops all in
the same day this week. And I don't know what that's about. I don't know if that's just
companies that didn't really participate in E3 kind of doing their own thing. If it's
just, this is, you know, mid July seems like a good time as any to announce stuff is that
as they, their project planning it out there, their Microsoft project document that tracks
them from, you know, the, the concept to release, they just all landed on July 15th. But there
was just a lot of stuff this week. Let's start off tonight talking about the big one. And
I think a lot of people are talking about this and, uh, whether they're going to get
one or not. Uh, Loki, please, what was the big unveil this week?
So the big unveil this week was the steam deck. It is a, Oh, I have a stream deck right
here. I'm ahead of the curve. Oh no, not the stream deck, a steam deck. So it is a handheld
PC that kind of resembles a little bit of the form factor of a Nintendo switch. It's
got, you know, built in, uh, joy six and it's got a, I think it was like a seven inch screen,
um, with, uh, it's an OLED screen as well. So, uh, you've got that and then it's unpacking
an AMD processor and APU. It's a Zen to our DNA to, uh, processor. And, uh, they've also
got this cool, unique kind of a combination of thumbsticks. And then they add these like
micro track pads underneath the thumbsticks, which is kind of cool. Um, so yeah, they've
got that altogether. Uh, they're offering it with three different like storage sizes
and stuff like that. So you can get, I think 64 words to, I think maybe half a terabyte
or two 56, um, gigabytes, but yeah, it's, um, looks pretty cool. Uh, yes, we've, we've
all heard that joke by now that valve has announced the, um, switch pro. So yes it is.
But um, when it comes to competing with Nintendo, which is the instant comparison people want
to make is that, Ooh, valve wants to throw down with the Nintendo switch. I'm kind of
like act. I honestly don't see two different companies doing such different things. I think
there's something to be said about the success of the switch leading valve down this road
of could we maybe possibly, but let's also be real. This isn't the first time that a
company has taken a look at doing like a portable PC like this, right?
This is like this right here though. I'm going to tell you, I didn't mention this on Twitter,
but I wanted to, this right here is going to be a fan. Well, hopefully a fantastic because
I don't know how the, all the games are going to rent, but potentially a very fantastic
game pass X cloud system, a portable X cloud system, because I mean, really all that's
going to be streaming anyways, at least with X cloud. And I'm not really sure how much
of the game pass stuff that this will be able to run, but I mean, it's pretty good at least
potentially on paper. It could be good. Yeah. You know, um, we were having a little discussion
on Twitter and my kind of initial reaction to it is, you know, in theory, it sounds really
good. I want to see how it really performs. Like I need to get my hands on one personally
to try it because I really want to see like, how well do those games perform on this device?
And there's, I have a lot of questions in that regard. Um, I'm also not sure this is
really for me because I don't play a lot like on my switch 95% of the time I'm playing docked,
I'm not playing portable. I already have a docked PC. You know what I mean? So I'm not
sure this is for me, but that's, that doesn't mean I'm a hater. Cause I think there's a
lot of unique concepts here where I do have some concerns is that a lot of steam's comparable
hardware is kind of flopped out the gate. I'm talking about steam machines. I'm talking
about the steam link was a huge flop. Uh, the steam controller, it was actually giving
those away. It was the controller was great, but it flopped. Yeah. And the steam controller
was a bit odd. This is a little bit more traditional, like layout wise. They do have
the additional track guys, which are kind of cool, um, that you can optionally use if
you want. Um, the additional thumb or the additional buttons on the back of the controller
are pretty cool. Uh, kind of like a lot of the pro controllers that they have out now,
I think where this differs from, like say the steam link is the steam link was kind
of ridiculous in the sense that you needed a PC running this. This is more of like, I'm
going to set up, you know, this on my TV in the living room and play games from my
PC on my TV in the living room. And not a lot of people really did that. Um, whereas
this is its own thing. It's its own PC. And not only that, they're like, listen, it's
meant for steam, but you can do whatever you want with it. It's a PC. I mean, if you want
to put Epic games store on there, go right ahead. Go put GOG on there, go right ahead.
You want to, you know, dump the steam OS on there and throw windows on there. Do whatever
you want, like put emulators on it. We don't really care. I mean like that. It's just,
it's a PC. Well, dark Sakura, you and I were chatting before the show that there's, there's
some things this device can't do that people are finding, right? Yeah. So basically there
are some, uh, games that aren't going to run at all, or if not, if they do run the not
very well. Um, and the thing is, is, I mean, this is basically a Linux machine, right?
Linux hasn't always had the best track record for video games either. Right. Um, they're
using, um, this, uh, this feature that's called proton. Um, that's basically like a combination
of wine and DXV, VK, sorry, that are basically emulators writers to play through the Linux
ecosystem. So it prevents you from having the port, the game to Linux. It just makes
it run. But of course it's far from flawless. And I mean, keep in mind, remember when I
had my little net book that was running Linux and I used to play Ragnarok on it? Yeah. That
was a pain in the ass to set up. I still use wine on my Mac. You were really big on that
Linux mint for awhile. I had never heard of that until you came to this show and you were
like, Oh, Linux, man, I love it. You should get a laptop and run it. It was really friendly.
And the good thing about it is if, you know, your hard drive goes out on your machine,
you can always plug in a flash drive with Linux on it and run it off that. Um, but anyway,
um, there, uh, there's a group called proton, uh, that, uh, they basically track proton
instances called proton DB. It says four of steam's 10 biggest games, uh, won't, won't
work or they'll, they'll start up and crash or they'll play for a bit and fail or they
just won't launch. Um, and those games are destiny to apex legends, rainbow six siege
and, uh, uh, uh, player in a battleground. Um, and the direct quote is that they are
borked. Um, um, go ahead. There's a good chat comment though, on all of these same lines.
Well, the, according to the reports, it happens because the anti cheat systems in those games
don't play well with photon. And so they're getting, um, instantly booted for multiplayer
servers. So, and of course valve is saying, um, we're vastly improving protons game compatibility,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So that would that impact dead by daylight? Cause I know
that's the game you'd want to play on this. Uh, well, yes, along those same lines. So
we have a comment here from chief tattooed officer, which I don't think I've seen. Uh,
so welcome, uh, in chat who says I'm a Linux user, so I'm pretty familiar with what will
and won't run. The biggest issues are the two anti-cheat vendors, battle eye and EAC.
So, and I bet, I bet Danuvo was on that list too. Let's just put them on the list cause
I'm sure it's screwing everything up as well. Uh, a chief tattooed officer continues valve
is working with battle eye and EAC to try to get them to support proton, but nobody's
sure if it'll be out by the time it releases. So, and those, you know, those games you named,
those are all pretty big deals there, at least as far as like, you know, the, the big, uh,
multiplayer bonanza type of games. So you can assume any of those big multiplayer bonanza
games are gonna have some type of anti-cheat in it. And that's the thing. Yeah, they've
got to work out. Um, that all being said, you know, again, I said this thing isn't for
me, but I have friends who plunked down that five bucks in a heartbeat because, you know,
they're on transit an hour a day, you know, they, their lives are just configured differently
where they do have more time for portable gaming. And honestly, yeah, if that were me,
hell yeah, to be able to play my PC games on the go, that would be incredible. Um, it's
like, and in that way, sorry, in that way, it compliments the switch to me. It's kind
of like why you own a switch and a X-Box or in a place, a PlayStation or whatever in
the first place is that you're not going to get Nintendo games on a steam deck, but there's
a lot of stuff on a steam deck. You're not going to get on the switch. Anyway, sorry,
Jamie. I'm wondering that since it's basically running, um, in Linux, if there's not going
to be like an OS port for that build, you know, that I could install on a partition
somewhere. Yeah. Yeah. You know, um, or if I would be able to, I guess like window link
so that I could, you know, it's just different things. It makes me think that the virtualizers
that are being used once they are up to, up to par, if I would be able to run something
like that on my Mac, because Mac and Linux are both built on Unix and therefore are
basically cousins of each other by operating system. You can probably just partition and
run dual operating systems. You can't, not on an M1 Mac. No, I'm talking about on the
steam link. On the steam link? Still wouldn't suit my purposes. Well, but, um, we, we were
talking, um, earlier in the week after this was announced and you, you kind of thought
that, you know, I, I was very much of the mindset, like, ah, I got to wait until I get
my hands on one myself to make the use case scenario. I'm not going to go in, um, sight
unseen on this, but I think it's interesting. And so I want to see more, but I want to actually
see one, but dark soccer, you weren't kind of like, Hmm, Hmm. I can see, Hmm. You know,
at least, you know, I don't know if that's still your mindset when it comes to, if you
personally might get one of these or not, but, um, my perspective on it shifted a little
bit when, um, this, uh, lovely motherboard arrived, wink, wink, you know who you are.
Um, so I'm actually still considering, um, rebuilding my, um, my piece. I mean, my PC
works. It just doesn't work well. Um, so I'm going to gut it, rebuild it, um, and probably
hook it on a KVM switch so that I can run what I need to, to stream off of that one.
Like if I want to play Mass Effect, but already Mass Effect is starting to work on windows
arm. So I might not need to do much with that PC right now. I'm still having the best time
playing dead by daylight on stadia. It would just be nice to be able to change my name
at random. Um, chief tattooed officer continues in chat. The biggest thing I think is if someone
wants to do a triple a multiplayer game, uh, like apex anti cheat is going to kill
that market and I don't personally think it'll be fixed. I agree with you on the first half.
I'm not sure I completely agree with you on the second half. Like I, I get that train
of thought, but I'm also of the mindset where it's like if this thing sells cuckoo bananas
and let's say tons of people want to pick up the steam deck and tons of them end up
selling, then you know what? If the companies want to sell their games on steam for the,
you know, to be played on these things, they're going to find a way to make it work and they
may push back with the anti cheat companies. I, that's not something that's going to happen
overnight and I think that is, that is definitely where I agree in this concept is that that's
going to take time and I think steam deck perspective owners should be well aware to
play things like apex, et cetera. You could be talking a couple of years before all that
shit is sorted out for the record. Yeah. Mass Effect legendary edition does play in proton
6.8 g two. Huh? How about that? I went looking it up so I, because I was still going to see
if I could play it through wine and uh, it says that it plays in proton. So we'll see.
Um, Zen monkey 11 and chat says valve sucks at mass production, so they'll never have
enough of them. Yeah. I was looking on the, it said the preorder, like if I wanted one
is already out to quarter two of 2022. So it's, you know, it's going to be awhile if
I decide if this is for me or not and that's okay. Um, how about the way they all set that
up though? Because I've been seeing a lot of articles about, Oh, there's already people
on eBay that are trying to scout these things for a shit ton of money. I feel like as far
as how they did the preorder, like everything again. Yeah. Like how you have to have an
existing account, how they charged you $5 upfront and limited you to one. I thought
that was a pretty intelligent way to do it. Um, now granted, I understand the system really
shit the bed as everybody was trying to get in there. One of my friends said he was on
that reloading screen for like nine hours before it finally went through. Like it was
crazy. Um, but so that part could have been better as you know, but maybe that also speaks
to valve really underestimated the demand for this thing. Um, so that, that could be
very interesting in that regard, but I, you know, of course there's going to be, you know,
scalpers and, and opportunities, Caesars that sneak through. Um, and so that's where the
eBay stuff comes from. But you know, I do like that you can still go and get one on
steam at the retail price. You just will be waiting a little bit. I, I don't hate that.
I think that's, I wish they did graphics cards that way. I wish they did Nintendo Amiibo
that way. There's a lot of things I wish they would do that way so that, you know, if I'm
willing to wait, at least I'll get one of it. I wish PS fives have been done that way,
quite frankly. So I don't, I can't really knock what steam is doing outside of, okay,
it shit the bed the day they unveiled it. But you know, I, I'm sure you could prepare
for worst case scenario and it still is somehow even worse. So I'm going to give them a tiny
bit of slack on that. Uh, Loki, I know you're trying to chime in.
No, not really. I mean, I, I didn't end up bidding or not bidding, uh, going in for a
pre-order on one, just because I don't know what I'd even run on it. I mean, like I've
got a PC that I pretty much use all the time. It would just be like, I guess, playing games
of the living room, which is like 10 feet away. Um, it would probably just be Minecraft.
So like, I don't know, like, I don't know, like why it would spend $600 for another device
to play Minecraft. Not as good as my computer. This, um, I don't know. I mean, I have a huge
library of games. I could definitely play on it. It's just, I thought about like my
son's looking for a computer, but like, yeah, I just, I I'd rather get like a laptop or
something for that kind of money.
Hmm. Uh, did your MS and chat points out steam deck listings have been pulled from eBay due
to the fact that they violated the TOS. Oh, I wasn't aware of that. Follow up. That's
interesting. Uh, meanwhile, Metroid dream listings are still up. Well, it's like whack-a-mole.
You knock them down and they come right back up. So it's, it's that, uh, as Joe and Hunter
Matt says, I thought it was interesting that Gabe Newell said his biggest issue with the
steam deck is the price. They really wanted it to be a consumer friendly price, but they
wanted to provide a good amount of performance for this, that the consumer will enjoy. And
is it par with current high powered tablets and gaming devices, which I respect. Yeah.
I think they did all right with the price, you know, maybe they were, I think they did
fine with the price. They might've wanted to be a little more competitive. Um, you can't
have it the same price as like a Nintendo switch and expect a performance that it has
in there. Like you just can't have both worlds there. You have to have, you know, what it's,
it's got to cost what it's going to cost. I mean, I think the timing though, that the
announce was great. It's like you get this announcement about the Nintendo switch OLED.
Everyone's disappointed and it's like, Oh, Hey, well, we got this. If you're interested
in something a little more powerful. Um, so that timing was great, but I really think
that was coincidental though. I don't think valve could have planned that. That may have
been, um, it had to be because they, they were preparing their system, their backend
for something, even if, again, it didn't hold up, they had to prepare it for this, you know,
so I, this isn't something where Gabe is sitting in his evil lair at the top of valve headquarters
going, I see the Nintendo pre-orders were a failure. What? Said scratching off all the
threes on the calendar. Exactly. Like, I, I just don't think that's how it played out.
I think it was a bit coincidental in that regard. So, um, yeah. And I said, you want
her, Matt also points out, especially in the chip shortage era we're in. I wonder how many
people are buying these machines to farm a doge coin and Bitcoin and all that stuff.
There's no GPU. I mean, there's an APU, but there's no like there's it. That would not
be a very good use of that. Uh, all right. Uh, any other comments on the steam deck before
we move on with the show? I it's, it's, it's interesting. Oh, I actually, there was one
of the little thing I want to get into because it is interesting to see valve. Like it's
like, oh, there's what about valves been up to outside of VR. So here's that steam deck.
And I still kind of firmly believe this point is that if valve really wanted to push that
steam deck one step further, I really think they should have announced a game with it.
I think they really should have announced like that new valve product. That's going
to be playable on the steam deck. And I'm not saying they have to make it exclusive
to the steam deck. I think that would have pissed a lot of people off, but just imagine
the power of the first portal three, I'm completely making shit up. We all know valve is allergic
to three. Hear me out here. Imagine the power of the first portal three screenshots being
in the context of a steam deck and what that would do for demand. That would sell so many
of them. Exactly. So I'm kind of shocked valve didn't take that easy opportunity because
again, and I guess portal three is one of those things, you know, again, obviously I
love portal. I want to see that series continue. Portal is also something that I truly believe
is impossible in VR and should not happen in VR. So it's not something where I'm like,
I still want it to happen. I know you do, but I, I think realistically it shouldn't.
So I don't know. Like, like you have to try some of the like more, like there's a lot
of VR games that like where you think like an FPS or something like that wouldn't work,
but they do like, I don't know. But I think the steam deck would have been a great place
for a portal three type of thing. And again, I'm not saying make it exclusive. I don't,
and I don't think Val's interested in going down that route, but again, I'm just saying
the power of the messaging. Imagine that, you know, it's, it's like how steam launched
alongside half-life two. Now granted that pissed a lot of people off at the time, but
people have generally gotten used to it. So there are, and portal two was kind of coupled
with that thing where steam was on PlayStation. Like a lot of people forgot that was a thing
that happened is that your steam account kind of ran on PlayStation, but it kind of
quickly disappeared, you know, um, that a whole thing, that whole mess got screwed by
what the PlayStation hack had happened right around that same time. And so a lot of that
got lost. So, um, yeah, so I just, I, I really think that was a missed opportunity by valve.
And I'm just curious, like, where's the software, although there was half-life Alex, which is
as many folks have pointed out that that is half-life three. It's just, they weren't
willing to put the number three next to VR only. And I understand and respect that decision,
but for all intents and purposes, half-life Alex is half-life three. Um, and they put
that with the VR. So I'm just, again, I'm just kind of surprised we're not seeing software,
you know, especially because it has been such a dry well out of valve in the software department.
So of course then people are going to say, but the card game, but Dota 2, but it's kind
of like, but the stuff, that stuff I'm interested in. So, all right. That was the only other
thought I wanted to get out was, you know, what about the software and you know, what
else is valve working on over there? But it is nice to at least see this. Yeah. All right.
Let's get into how was our gaming weeks? What have we been playing portal this week or what
have we been playing? Let's get into our gaming weeks and we'll start with dark Sakura. Um,
dead by daylight and word scapes and my world cup soccer is back home. So I played world
cup soccer. The pinball machine. Yes. Nice. Like there's no other world cup soccer that's
worth talking about. I still want to come over and play pinball sometime. It's been
too long. Okay. I need to do that. Hey, I should be, well, I'm streaming tomorrow night,
but if you want to play pinball while I'm streaming, feel free. We'll figure it out.
We'll figure it out. So yeah. Um, yeah. And I'm going to be gone this weekend, but we'll,
we'll figure out a weeknight or something. Have a play date. It'll be fun. Um, all right.
Uh, so Loki, how was your gaming week? Uh, it's all Minecraft. That's what it was. No,
it's still working on issues with the service. Still trying to get my latest episode out. Um,
I've been going through just, um, I have to change and pivot a little bit on what I want to do for
content wise, just because of the lack of people on the server. And I've been exploring options
at the end of the season where I may be going. And, uh, but in the meantime though, I want to
get into more, um, complex things with my content. And so that's kind of slowed things down a little
bit, unfortunately, I'm still going through and also hardware issues because since everything
updated the one 17 one and one 17, um, a lot of the mod makers out there, especially the stuff
that has to do with performance, like off the fine and all those they're kinda, it takes time
to get that all updated. And so things haven't been running as great, but I finally Iris updated
and I was able to update to that. And so now I have shaders and it looks nice and everything,
but it doesn't play nice with, um, replay mod, which is what I use. And so if I want to render
with shaders, it's extremely slow. Like I, it took normally it takes about like 10, 15 minutes
to render out a, a time-lapse or whatever of, you know, several hours, um, obviously sped up,
but it took like two hours to render it out instead because just off the fine is just garbage
right now. Um, so it, I don't know, we had more people leave the server, so that was fun. Um,
so I'm taking over some shops, I think. So that'll be coming soon, but there's to kind of
not spoil it too much. Cause I only tease at the end or I'm planning to tease at the end of this
next episode. Um, I think my content is going to get a little bit more into like the role-play
type of scenario. So going to be introducing like a storyline that goes along with everything
because I don't have people to interact with on the server. Like everyone's on vacation and it
like literally the last two weeks, it's been just myself on there for a lot of it.
Um, there's some people coming back and playing and stuff, but I never interact with these people
at any point. They're like AF Kane or something like that. So I need to become creative and figure
something out. So I want to get into, um, more of a storyline things. I think that'll be more
engaging with my audience. And then also, uh, animation would be kind of cool. I don't know
how come, how hard that's going to be. So I, that's something I need to explore as well,
which will also take some time. Um, but I do have some ideas of content I'm going to be working on.
I really am trying to get this last episode out. It just took so long to like build everything in
over the last couple of weeks that that's all the content is just a time-lapse of that. And
so I need to kind of build it up a little bit for this episode to come out, but I'm trying to
get it down to one week at, you know, per episode, but it's, it's been about two weeks now and that's
frustrating because I want it to be quicker, but I'm figuring out new ways to advertise and stuff
like that. New places to kind of promote myself. So it's just been all content creation stuff,
really. That's what I've been doing this week, but, um, mainly Minecraft. I haven't really
been playing anything else. Got my kids, um, the new Zelda game, but, uh, yeah, I really want to
check that out. That's that's what all my friends are doing right now. It's all like my social media
feeds are all Skyward sword. And I'm sorry to say that that was not a part of my week this week,
but maybe, I don't know, maybe I'll jump into it next week, but I kind of, I want to finish
the koozas still. So I don't know. Yeah. I need to go and play games other than Minecraft at some
point, but like, um, that's all right. I know I like it. I like what I'm doing, but like,
it is frustrating. YouTube's are in some ways harder than Twitch because it's not just
broadcasting it live. It's recording it. Then you got to go back and edit it. That's the thing.
And the problem with the stuff I'm, I'm still over scoping everything again. So like,
I look at like, I kind of compare myself to a lot of like what the Hermitcraft folks are doing. So
like their projects aren't nearly as the size that I'm doing. Like the, the build I just did
this week was like something that they would have taken four to six episodes to probably complete,
or, you know, worked on it a little bit at a time. Like it is too large, but I needed it to
be large because I need to get exposure and I need to do grand things in order to get everybody's
attention. And that's the problem is I'm pushing myself too hard to do that. So because all my
builds are really huge and really complex and the redstone's only going to get more complex.
So it's, it's hard to cram that all in there. Plus also like these guys are doing it full time.
Like I, I I'm restricted with the amount of time I can work on it. And so that's also another thing
that sets me back. So I can't, can't do all that. Now, if I just did live stream stuff, that works
for some things. And I know the type of scenarios that I could live stream and start getting into
that as well, but it's just, I just, I, I can't really do that right now. So I'm just gonna keep
working at it. All right. Going to our chat, cause sometimes over at twitch.tv slash vog network,
when we are broadcasting our recording on Sunday nights, some of you like to share your gaming
weeks. And I see Black and Pat has responded, which by the way, do me a favor, click on Black
and Pat, and please ensure that you are following that channel. Thank you very much. Black and Pat
says I've been playing Hella Slime Rancher. See, that's another one of those games. And I do,
I have watched people play that on Twitch and I'm like, oh, I should play this. This looks fun.
And then I just, oh, but shiny something else gets my, oh, I need to grind in Dead by Daylight
or whatever it is. It's something else. I know I do. I know I have it. Yeah, yeah, for sure. So
anyway, um, that's Joan Hunter Matt lending some video editing expertise here. When making a video,
you have to produce a ton of footage to edit down to video that is consumable. 15 minute video,
you need over an hour of footage to work with video editing is a daunting thing. Yeah, no,
that's the, that's the problem. I have too much footage. Like, and I get that you have to edit it
down. It's easier if there is dialogue because like, for example, when like an average, like,
you know, once again, I'm comparing myself to hermitcraft, um, their videos they have, they,
they consider a lot is when they have like two hours worth of dialogue and footage.
I'm cutting down like 10 to 20 hours worth of footage.
Oh no. Too much footage.
That's, that's what you've got to work on for sure.
You don't even want to see what it takes to go into my Twitch videos.
I save a clip. I add an intro and outro and put my own music on it and done.
Yeah, yeah, no, no, I get that. And there's, and there's some folks that that's what they do is
they just broadcast on Twitch and then dump their stuff into YouTube and that works for them. That's
fine. Uh, I can't do that. I do some editing.
I, I don't, I hardly ever do editing. It's, it's also a difference between us,
even in Bobby Black Wolf, Bobby Black Wolf, his shows go up later in the week because he
likes to edit, to take out some of his pauses and um's and ah's and things that happen that are
live. And I usually have this show up later in the night on Sunday. Why? Because I'm like,
it's, it warts and all, here it is. Like I, it's just, it is, it's a, it feels like a live
presentation, but it's recorded for the podcast. And, uh, it's just, it's just differences in what
we're doing, but it takes, it takes a lot to edit where, where editing for me is more cropping,
you know, it's like, okay, take out the stuff before the intro, take everything out after the
outro, uh, in, in extreme circumstances, bleep something where I accidentally like
dock somebody by saying their last name. Like I know that happened once on the show
weeks ago. I was, I was talking about a grandpa and I said his real name because a lot of us call
him by his last name. So I bleeped it. I took it out. You know, that's very, very rare that I will
do that, but for those types of circumstances, yes, I will edit. But, um, yeah, it takes,
it takes a big, uh, thing to get me to edit the show. I would reckon though that using my Twitch
clips means I've already edited. Yeah. That is the nice thing about Twitch too,
is that you can kind of like stamp where the good stuff was and then go back and like do the clips.
The highlight feature has actually been really helpful because then that saves me from having
to download the entire VOD. Yeah. And then I can save just what I want to, but then again,
you know, you could, um, what are you capturing through? Are you using OBS?
Yeah, I'm using Streamlabs OBS. So it Yuck. Slobs is terrible.
I have no problem with it. It works just fine for what I'm doing. Um, so it's, it's really,
a lot of it is time lapses take a lot. Cause I have to replay mod. I have to go back and I have
to, uh, basically pick the camera path and, and do all the adjustments through there. So it's,
it's cutting that out. And because it took so long to build what I built, I have,
it's about a week's worth of time-lapse to go through. So I've gone through two of the two,
like two or three hours worth of clips right now to time-lapse and, and I have to time-lapse the
whole thing and do the camera sweeps and stuff like that. Um, even though I'm going to cut that
down significantly, that's, you know, the, what ends up being probably an hour. Cause it's,
it's an eight time speed. So an hour worth of clips is going to be down to like three minutes,
but I still have to process the whole thing to get it down to that three minutes. And it's just
taking a long time. So plus now that I'm going to be doing some other things involved, creating some
data packs and actual mods for Minecraft as well, in order to tell the story that I'm going to be
telling. So there's other work that's going into it now too. All right. Um, by the way,
this whole talk about streaming and recording at the same time, that's actually powering OLR
right now. So of course we're streaming to Twitch, but then there is a local recording of the movie
made, um, on the Mac mini. Um, I don't know if everybody knows, but the video and the Twitch
stuff is all powered by Mac mini. So we, uh, uh, uh, end up saving the local recording there. We
pass it through garage band and that will cause garage band will actually read movies and strip
out that audio and make the MP3. And that's basically. You and I need to sit down so I can
give you the crash course in logic. Well, I mean, but for, again, I'm cropping, not editing for
what I'm doing. I don't need the Primo materials. You know, I could, I could use audacity if that
was the thing, you know, so it's, it's good enough, but yeah, if we ever did want to get fancier,
sure. But, um, I don't know if I have time to get fancier. All right. There's some other things that
we'll talk offline. Fair enough. All right. My gaming week, other stuff. Um, so let's see for
my gaming week. So I talked a little bit about Pokemon go. So Pokemon go Fest was this weekend
and it was to celebrate the five-year anniversary of the game. And they did a whole thing where the
virtual it's all virtual. So all that talk about, you know, the Chicago, uh, festival and how
everything clogged the network there that, that, that has been gone for two years now because of
the pandemic. So last year, and now this year were Pokemon go Fest everywhere. They cut the
price way down this year. It was $5 in honor of the fifth anniversary. I also kind of think
they heard some of the feedback last year that it wasn't really justified what they were charging
last year. And I think $5 was a little more appropriate for this year. Um, and, uh, yeah,
there were lots of different types of spawns. You got a couple things like sock and chatot that
don't usually spawn in this part of the world that you were able to catch. They released some
new shinies. Um, today was all about raids. And if you're newer to the game, it was a really
good chance to catch up on a lot of legendaries you may have missed because they had put out
literally every legendary was available today. If you were able to find it, um, just not the
mythical stuff, there is a difference there. Um, but there was a lot like, apparently I never got
a Zekrom, uh, for whatever reason, I just missed that. So I got one today thanks to, uh, the day
two. So it was, it was fine. It was a fun event. I honestly, it was just more about the people.
So we went out to San Francisco, as I mentioned, and we, uh, to avoid crazy traffic, we took Bart
in to Embarcadero and we played around that part of market, which was really dead. But when we
went out to Embarcadero street and walked down from there to Pier 39, yes, that is a long walk.
I did 12 miles worth of walking yesterday, 23,000 steps. Uh, because that's just how much
there was going on with the games. That's why I'm so tired today and a little sunburned,
even though I used sunscreen, it wasn't enough. Um, but anyway, that stuff helped though, right?
What's that? The stuff I used helped, right? Oh yeah. The, yeah, that we were talking about
at breakfast. Yeah, it did. In fact, I could use a little more, but it's all right. I have
multiple containers and it's all over the counter. No worries. No worries. Um, but anyway, uh, so
there was tons, my point is there were tons of people like walking from Embarcadero to, uh,
the pier and you know, a ton of them were playing Pokemon Go. I would say half the people on the
street were playing Pokemon Go and the other half were going, why are all these people looking at
their phones? And I heard people ask that out loud and all of that. And, uh, it was also very
easy to spot people because they were giving away those little Pikachu hats. I didn't get one,
but there were a lot of, um, uh, if you were curious, what were they doing in the cities at
those locations? Cause certain cities had like special locations. Um, they had, uh, I don't know
if they were Niantic employees. I doubt it. They were probably contractors that were either setting
up a little photo op type things, or they were just giving away little Pikachu hats to people,
which is fun for the kids and stuff like that. And that's pretty much all they were doing,
but there were just so many people in San Francisco playing the game. It was quite a
thing to behold also to put it into perspective. There's a badge now in Pokemon Go for, if you use
a lure, how many, um, Pokemon get caught with your lure. That's one of the badges that you get.
So I think my badge for that, thanks to community days and stuff like that was at about 500
yesterday. Or when I started yesterday, after I put one lure down off the beaten path, it was
near one of the photo opportunities, but it was still kind of off the beaten path a little bit.
So after one lure yesterday, my stat is now 2,146 caught off a lure. So that means 1600 Pokemon were
caught off one lure off the beaten path yesterday. So that's, that's how many people were playing
Pokemon Go in San Francisco. Uh, so yeah, it's pretty crazy, but I had fun. Uh, it was honestly,
it was more just about the people, the experience, the game is whatever it honestly is. I didn't get
nearly as many shinies as Shane did. Um, because I, he's, I don't, I don't know what it is with
that boy's luck. He got, he walked out of Go Fest with like 43 shinies. And I was like, I got,
I remember when I caught the shiny sock and like the second hour of the day, I was like, well,
that's it. My day is not going to get any better than this. I got the shiny sock. That's like the
best thing you can get today. I guess I'm done. Uh, and I was right. I didn't really know. I got
two of the, uh, Ching Cho, Chime Cho. I don't remember the name. It's a little like wind chime
thing. Chime Cho. I don't remember what it's called. Uh, but that is the, uh, yeah, that is the,
uh, Pokemon that I was able to catch two shinies of yesterday. So, uh, I guess that was cool. Yeah,
I didn't get a dino shiny. I'm sorry to say it. So, Oh, Chimecho. Oh, I didn't know. Oh,
that makes sense though. I'm, I look, I horribly mispronounced some, I have mispronounced all
your names on this show. Of course I'm going to mispronounce Pokemon as well. So it happens.
All right. Anyway. Um, so that was Pokemon Go. What else did I do in my gaming week? Uh, I did,
uh, Dead by Daylight, of course, cause the anniversary event is still going on.
Uh, trying to get some cakes. I finally prestige the character. Give us some more, uh,
blood points though. That would be nice. Yeah. Blood points, but, uh, um, iridescent shards.
Oh yeah. That too. That would be nice. Um, so, uh, yeah, I played a little bit of that,
but not a lot. I played a little more Yakuza, uh, like a dragon. I got up to chapter five on
that. So I'm still moving on with that story. Uh, and then randomly, this is super random.
I decided to, uh, play blaster master zero again. Cause I was just in the mood. Well,
I was reading stuff. I had forgot the third game in that series is coming out.
I knew there was a two. I never, I, I, I, maybe we had briefly mentioned three on this show,
but I'd forgot. And like, it's coming out very soon. Um, so I was like, I should play through
that series again. So I started playing blaster master zero again. Um, cause it's fun. So there's
that too. Tay plays games and chat says playing DBD in 2021 cringe, which by the way is another
stream y'all should be following. Uh, Tay is saying, um, you're, you're talking about
playing DBD in 2021. You play a lot of, although I think now, now, now he's an Overwatch main,
I think actually. So in watching some of the recent streams, but, um, well, a few other
typically DVD streamers have been switching on to some other things lately too.
I, a lot of, um, feedback that the anniversary event is not having the positive effect on the
game that people thought it would, that people are playing DC thing to where they start. Yeah,
there's that too. Holding people accountable for being assholes. Anyway, shout out to Tay. Um,
everything, everything I needed to learn about looping, uh, and teabagging in dead by daylight.
I learned no teabagging in my game. All right. Uh, anyway, let's, uh, let's move on. Uh, I think
that was it for my game. Let's get into some more news and, uh, I love, I love this one that we're
going to get into here. Loki, please start us off. So there is a brand new, uh, we kind of talked,
we briefly mentioned it last episode, but there is a brand new fighting game, uh, kind of akin to
smash brothers called Nickelodeon. All-star brawl is coming out by the developer, uh,
lewd last Luda city. And they said that, um, you know, it's going to be out on pretty much
all the different platforms that are out there right now, all the console platforms.
Um, but it's just, it's drawing characters from like all of like Nickelodeon shows all
these different Nickelodeon shows. So there's like, you know, stuff you would normally expect
to be in there and then like other things as well. Not only that. So aside from the characters,
we'll get to those in just a sec, but there's also, um, you know, it's actually a decent
fighting game based on like some of the features that they're implementing, including roll, roll
back net code as well, which is actually a little bit better than, uh, the part that slays me is
that the internet code is going to be better than smash brothers. Yeah. So that's, that's kind of
funny. Um, so, so the characters announced so far, um, and this is pretty awesome. So
you have from Ninja turtles and this is the 1980s Ninja turtles, Leonardo and Michelangelo.
That's the one most people, why is there no Raphael? Well, they've only announced some of
the characters yet. They haven't announced everybody yet. So this is just what was featured
in that first trailer. I assume that all of them will be in there. I mean, come on,
Tiger, Tiger, you're just going to have to humor me here. The eighties Ninja turtles are the ones
people remember and want to see in these things. Okay. Cause that was the arcade game too,
is the eighties version of the Ninja turtles. Yeah. So you have a Nigel Thornberry from the
wild Thornberry, um, Ren and Stimpy from Ren Stimpy also powdered toast man, uh, from SpongeBob
square pants, which I expected SpongeBob characters in there. SpongeBob, Patrick star
and Sandy cheeks. Uh, we have a Blina from our real monsters, uh, the loud house,
Lincoln loud and Lucy loud. Also a cartoon. I haven't watched, uh, Helga from Hey Arnold.
We have Reptar from Rugrats from invaders in which sold me the game right there. Um,
um, Danny from Danny Phantom cat, dog, um, Ang and Cora from, you know, avatar. So,
um, that's just pretty awesome. Okay. And then in case, in case you're wondering, um,
for those who are hesitant, uh, John K Chris Savino and Butch Hartman will not be paid for
royalties for this game. Cause you know, I guess they're questionable. Um, I mean,
there's other characters you can probably assume are going to be in there. Obviously
Reptar is probably not going to be the only Rugrats character. Um, but we need Angelica
with princess powers. Okay. So hold on before y'all shout out the characters we need. It was
suggested. We do a list list on this topic. Now I don't, I don't have everything set up for a list
list, but I think we could do an informal list list here. I need to read some of the suggestions
from chat though, because you all are fucking slaying me right now. I'm dying. So, okay. Some
of the chat, uh, comments here from chat, we have, um, uh, Tay plays games, uh, says,
do I get to play Lori Beth Denberg from all that I love her. Fun fact, Alan and I actually looked
into cause she actually will do weddings. Now we looked into it. That's all I'm going to say. We
didn't do it, but we looked into it cause I, I would have loved that. Uh, as Joe and Hunter Matt
says, so is Linda Ellerby from Nick news, master and, or the final boss. I love that. Uh, some
folks say Mr. Wizard. Okay. You guys are, you guys are going to say, so here we go. I would like to
know informally three suggestions you have for the Nickelodeon fighting game. Um, Loki, clearly
you've been stewing on this. I need to give Jamie a little, maybe she's been doing that too. I'll
give her a little time to brainstorm, but, uh, Loki we'll go to you. What, what would be like
your top three suggestions for the game? Um, so, and I had to dig deep, um, for some of these.
So, um, starting with number three, David, the gnome, you gotta be in there. Um,
I think we have to have, uh, was it barf from, um, you can't do that on television. And then gosh,
um, I mean, Mr. Wizard would be pretty good too. I think that'd be funny just cause he's so mean
to the children sometimes. Uh, or he's, he's harsh with them. Um, gosh, I don't know. Um,
there's so much you could do. Like they could really tap into so many things. Like, um, you
know, if they want to get like into like the live action stuff, you know, already the strongest man
in the universe, you know, something like that, like just all sorts of crazy. All right. I'll do
my top three. Um, so my number three would be the sec. I'm going to show my age here. I don't give
a fuck. My number three would be the security guard from today's special. Um, I love today's
special. Me too. That was my jam back in the day. So I don't remember the dude's name, but, uh, he
was, he was, Oh no, it was the other one was the mannequin that would only, it was like straight
out of that lady. The lady would only come to life when looked at or whatever, but I think the
security guard was the one I remember. So, um, uh, let's see dark to see it says, Sam, I think
I will go from that. Okay. So, uh, that would be my number three. My number two would be the giant
nose from double dare. Um, that was always part of the obstacle course and they would have to like,
you know, dig through the nostril to find the flag. And it was really gross. So that's my
number two is the giant nose from double dare. And then my number one would be, and somebody had
already said this in discord. I don't care. I'm stealing this joke. My number one would be Alanis
Morissette because I stand and be, she, she was, as everybody knows, part of the cast of you can't
do that on television for a short time back in the day. So, uh, Alanis Morissette would be fair game
to be in the Nickelodeon fighting game. Uh, so dark, uh, dark, dark Sakura, so many people with
dark in their names, dark Sakura, what is your top three? So my name, uh, starting with number three,
I would reckon Moira Quirk from guts. She was a referee. The Astro Craig has to be the stage.
Absolutely. She's she's still, you know, uh, done a lot of voice acting. So she's been in stuff like
recently and she's even worked in Skyrim and everything. So would get really great voice
acting from her. All right. Love it. What else? All right. So, um, Hmm. Eureka from Eureka's castle.
Yes. Yes. Okay. Um, and then the, uh, the era of drama actually, no, I take that back. One of the
tomorrow people. Oh, shit. Okay. Well, I forgot that was on Nickelodeon for a short time. Who
was the redheaded guy from, from the nineties tomorrow people. Oh, that's a good one. All
right. Um, you guys in chat are killing me. Okay. You ready for some more chat suggestions? Here
we go. Uh, Bobby Black Wolf says the pinwheel. That's it. Just the pinwheel. I was actually
looking at the stuff on pin on pinwheel house. Cause I almost thought about the, uh, the hat
people. Um, and I mean, we've got also fairly, there's like so many good things, fairly odd
parents, you know, Timmy Turner or something like that. Um, nobody came so close to saying
Dr. Doofenshmirtz, but Phineas and Ferb is on Disney. I'm actually super disappointed. Nobody
brought up any of the characters from, Hey dude, like the dude ranch should be a stage going to say
the boxers from salute your shorts. Okay. Um, other comments in chat, you guys are going off.
I love it. Um, why no record in chat says need someone from wild and crazy kids. Yes. There were,
they had the same host for years. Uh, and then, oh, our voiceover guy, Jason is in chat. The
xj6 V says game over the bully from Nick arcade. That's a good one. Tiger class suggests danger
mouse. Yes. Yeah. Or a banana man. What was his little pinfold? Was his friend? No, remember
Penfold. Penfold. Shush. Uh, let's see. I'm dying. Oh my God. Those are all the, the Thames
production ones. And when Nickelodeon used to go off the air, if you remember those days, I do,
I do. I was really young, but I do. They would always show after danger mouse or count
Dracula, depending on the day, they would show, um, banana man. I also remember for a short time,
it would be the A and E channel at night. It was Nick in the day. That was before Nick at night,
if you can believe it. Yeah. We don't think at night's going to have to be its own fighting
game. Like we can't. Hey, Rob, what did you know that, um, in the third season of the nineties,
tomorrow people, Christopher Lee was the villain in it. No, I'm going to have to go back and find
all of these. Cause I missed a bunch of the ones before they canceled it. Honorable mention to
powdered toast man from Ren and Stimpy by the way, now that it's on my mind anyway. Oh, uh,
character log. Okay. So, um, near Muse says I beat you by seconds with a dude while they are,
uh, subscribing again to the channel. Thank you for that. Uh, you guys it's, it's very obvious.
A lot of people, especially in their thirties and forties, go in some in their twenties,
go figure. A lot of people have a lot of passion around the Nickelodeon franchise. There is a lot
of potential here for an amazing game. So I really can't stress this enough or stress this
enough. Excuse me. So do not fuck this game up. No, no, no, no. To go into that, let's talk a
little bit about how this actually came about. So, uh, developer actually put out a game called
slap city, which is kind of a similar type of genre and game. So after they were put,
they put that game out, they were approached by Nintendo to make this game. So, um, you know,
they do have, you know, Lisa track record of putting out, you know, some decent fighting games.
Um, but yeah, right now they said, you know, they, they don't want to talk about the full roster,
but like, I I'm, I'm hoping that it's going to be like, I'll pay for DLC for all, all this obscure
shit. I mean, like, seriously, like if, if, Hey dude, and you know, all that stuff's gotta be
deals. Get a single, you can't do that on television reference in there. I will lose my shit.
Like I, or even as a stage, I'll take a stage. Like the locker jokes as a stage would be great.
Oh my God. That'd be amazing. And the lockers open up and they're telling jokes to each other.
Oh, that would be great. Oh, I love it. I hope, I hope their boardroom conversations on making
this game are as lively. Um, uh, I'm sorry. Take place games and chat says slap city has
insanely good reviews on steam for what it's worth. So let's not hype this up too much,
but on the other hand, too late. All right. What was that? You want to know what sucks is I've
been going to see if I can find blue rays of the tomorrow people. No, I think that's great. That
was an awesome show. Didn't they try to do a reboot of that a few years ago? They did actually,
and they got really great reviews, but they didn't renew it. It was on CW thing. Yeah. I remember
that anyway. All right, let's move on and talk about other awesome ideas out there. Maybe,
I don't know. We don't know a lot about this idea, but we do know final fantasy 10, three,
maybe there was a 10 and a 10, two, of course. And, uh, many people are aware of these games
from the remasters that they made, uh, on PlayStation three and PlayStation four.
And I think these did pretty well. I know a lot of people revisited the games. Uh, they ended up
coming out on Xbox game pass. So I'm sure 10 and 10, two, the remasters did pretty well for square
and it probably, it could have them discussing like what might a 10, three look like someday.
And as it turns out, uh, Tetsuya Nomura, who, uh, was character designer mentions,
if we are to make 10, three, we somehow have a synopsis written by no Jima-san it's sleeping
right now, but the plot itself does exist. Um, not Kazushige Nojima ads. I had the opportunity
to work with people who entered the game industry after playing final fantasy seven,
but now the phase has moved and I'm, I'm going with people who entered after playing final
fantasy 10. Um, Toriyama commented the probability is not zero, but we are not in a phase
where we can talk about it unless we have finished producing the final fantasy seven remake,
which I, I respect that don't bite off more than you can chew. And there's already a lot
to still be done with the final fantasy seven remake. We don't even know how many more parts
there are. Are they going to try to wrap it up in a second game or are they going to spread?
Because I I'm going to argue they, everybody expects it's going to follow the template of
final fantasy seven. I don't think it might. I think it could wrap it up in a second game if
they wanted to. I think it better not separate my, my OTP again, but, uh, we'll, we'll see anyway.
But, uh, so there may be, you know, one or two more games, fall fast. You see if in remake series,
but it is interesting. They're leaving that door open to attend three and it's really the
equivalent of, so you're saying there's a chance is really where we're left when it comes to final
fantasy 10 three, but it is, it's, they did write the story for it. And also, you know,
there's probably stories and treatments that have been written for a lot of games
that never came to fruition. So it's, it's interesting to think what might that look like?
Uh, and even if they, even if they didn't make it a game, they can fancy 10 three oops, all blitz
ball. Oh God, no, I hated all the blitz ball stuff. There were rumors that blitz ball was
supposed to be added to the final fantasy 14 expansion, but for better or worse,
that didn't seem to come to fruition. So, um, dark Tetsuya in chat says, I still want a six
two. Yeah. There's lots of final fantasy games that people would like to see, especially,
you know, for a long time, the idea of sequels to final fantasy games didn't really exist.
It wasn't until 10 two when it was like, wait, wait, wait a minute, wait a minute.
They're doing 10 two. Why aren't they calling it 11? Oh, it's a direct sequel to 10. Oh,
11 is the online game. So it's, it's interesting. And then after that was when we got the final
fantasy four sequel folks forget about that. And I understand, cause it's really not a great game,
but the after years was a sequel to final fantasy four. So it'd be, it'd be interesting.
I'd love to see a 12 two, but what I really want to see is just a remaster of the 13 trilogy for
current consoles, because I think it's time to revisit that. And for, um, justice to be served
a little bit for Final Fantasy 13 in retrospect, cause I don't think it's as bad as everyone says
it was. Um, Tay plays games and chat is wondering who is 10 three made for most of the kids haven't
played anything other than 14 or the seven remake. I don't see a 10 three superseding a, a 16 and a
seven team. I'm not sure one has to cancel the other because square does have multiple development
teams and obviously they are capable of producing multiple final fantasy projects at a time.
Uh, and I think that is best demonstrated by the fact that creative division three
is currently making final fantasy 14 and final fantasy 16. That is a huge undertaking and that's
just one studio at square. Granted one studio that has made square a lot of money. Uh,
thanks to Final Fantasy 14. And it's, but, you know, we could get into the whole thing about
how final fantasy 14 is only getting bigger right this second, which is, is interesting,
but I'm not, I'm not going to go there right this moment, but to answer the question that
Tay poses about who is 10 three made for, I think it's because of the remasters.
It's not the original PlayStation two release. I think it's because of the remasters
that we do have another generation visiting those games. It's kind of like, and this is random,
but I don't give a fuck. You know, one of my favorite movie of all time period is clue the
movie from the 1980s. That movie fucking bombed at the box office. People did not understand the
multiple ending thing. Uh, it did not make a lot of money at the box office. It was way ahead of
its time. It was very much ahead of its time, but now people hold that in such a high regard.
Even if they were born much later, you see a lot of, you know, people in their twenties and thirties
that love clue the movie, where did they find it? They found it in reruns on basic cable in the
nineties, because you guys might remember, do you guys remember channel 31, which is one of the
stations here locally. I don't care. I'm going to shout it out. Channel 31 used to play clue
the movie in the afternoon, all the fucking time. And there's a lot of stations around the country
where they did that. So a lot of people discovered clue when it was broadcast during the day on TV.
Now, my point with that is I think there is a younger generation that's discovering 10 and
10 two because of the remasters. It, and the fact that these remasters are only like 20 bucks now.
And so I, and you know, especially with the pandemic and people playing more games,
I think probably more people were playing these games now than probably did in the beginning.
So I think that's why the conversation about 10 three is happening now in particular.
So it's very interesting. Bobby Blackwolf says, is this the right time for me to profess my love
for speed racer 2008? Why not? I think a lot of people really shit on the matrix sequels when
they came out, but now look what's happening. Another matrix sequel. Like sometimes things
just age a certain way and people want to see them back. Jason and chat, literally the definition
of a cult classic. Absolutely. It's hard to call 10 and 10 to a cult classic because they,
unlike clue the movie, unlike the Rocky or a picture show, unlike some video games that
are cult classics, 10 did well when it released. Yeah, but I get it. I, I, I, I'm not saying that
label is inappropriate. It's just a little different. Um, but an excellent aside here,
Jason says, I discovered earthbound because it was the cheapest game at Walmart.
Fifth dream does point out it's tens 20th anniversary. That's a good point too.
So, wow. Wow. I would be all about a 10 three, but I understand there's only so many games that
square can do without compromising the quality. And I also realize that doing a game now with
the 4k textures and the PlayStation fives and all that stuff, it takes a lot more than it did on the
Atari 2,600 than the NES. It takes a lot more resources. It's a bigger industry. So I understand
they can only do so many games at once, but maybe someday never say never. You remember I imported
10 too. I do. I do remember that. I think the first time I ever saw it was you playing it.
Yeah. Cause I had to, well, I knew it was going to have an English release, but I had to have
Kotokumi doing the music. All right. Let's move on to our next story because again, another thing
from this week that I think is huge news. So dark soccer. I can get my camera to not fall over.
There we go. So, now I'm going to say this as someone who plays most of my games through a
streaming service. I love streaming my video games. That's how I get to play PC stuff on my Mac
and they look good. And people seem to be pretty surprised by it. Well,
it looks like Netflix is actually trying to get in on that action now too.
You are the official Dead by Daylight Stadia streamer on Twitch.
I don't know any other bitch that streams that game on Stadia. You are,
you have that market fucking cornered, honey. Well, yeah, but they won't let me put Stadia
in my keywords or Mac gaming in my keywords because whatever people don't think people
play on Macs and hello. Y'all should see my setup. Okay. My setup is pretty.
What was that taste? Sakura is single-handedly keeping Stadia going. Huge. Yep. Anyway,
so Netflix wants to get on on that action. They are looking to offer video games through
their streaming service as reported to Bloomberg. They said that the games will appear as a new
genre on the platform. Kind of like how their documentaries and standups and other things go.
They're not really putting too much out into specifics on that, but Netflix doesn't plan on
charging any extra for access. Oh, wow. And then there's also, I mean, some of the others are
looking into it too. Like Disney plus is, is trying to do it, you know, but I, uh, Disney
Comcast, NBC universal. Um, they have other outlets though, but Netflix is just Netflix.
Right. Right. So they're looking to, to add more to, uh, their user base. Um, maybe right now,
as of well, as of April of this year, um, it, uh, uh, reported 208 million subscribers globally,
which added another 4 million after the first quarter of 2021. Um, they thought it was going to
go, uh, get higher, but it still grew decently. It was just a little bit less than they thought
it would, you know? And so they're really looking to diversify. Um, and I mean, and it's not like
they haven't had ties with the video game industry. Um, there's a strange, there was,
uh, that stranger things video game that came out in 2019 and stranger things was licensed to dead
by daylight. We keep bringing up. Yes, but that is true because the demo doggy is cute.
He's a cool little woofer. Um, but also, um, they they've had Castlevania. Um, there's other,
other video game related stuff that's been around. That is an interesting full cycle thing
is that like, Oh, Netflix really became this booming place for video game media. And now they
might want to take that back to actually having video games or choose your own adventure content
as well. So like, yeah, yeah. Um, what limited gaming exists now? Yeah. Netflix just had the
rentals. You could rent some games, but you couldn't play when the streaming service replaced
the rental service. You of course, at the time technology didn't exist to stream a game like
that, right? Because there were closest I had to a streaming game was like playing tetranet.
There were, um, folks like game fly that were trying to sneak into that market about being
the Netflix games in that regard, like literally when we're talking about discs and that service
still exists. Actually, Bobby talks about using it still to this day. Um, I'm just curious like
to what, what intensity of games are we talking about? And that's, I feel like the wildcard here,
because yeah, when you think of Netflix games today, you think about, okay,
Minecraft story mode is there. It's it's different, but it's there. Uh, the Netflix said the
bandersnatch black mirror, which is very, it's choose your own event, but it is a game. It
qualifies a game, but it's very limited. Are we talking about those sort of limited experiences?
Or is it something that's really meant to be done on your PC? Because when I think about Netflix,
I think about logging on on my Xbox logging on to my PlayStation logging on on my television.
And what's, I mean, a, are Microsoft and Sony going to allow Netflix to get into this space?
Well, they also had Minecraft story mode as well. That was,
I know I mentioned them. Yeah. Keep in mind as well. I mean, now we're,
I'm going to take a little touch on politics. Okay. We just had that executive order issued
for a higher competition in business markets. I doubt very seriously that the other, the,
the competition is going to be able to say much about it. Thanks to the new legislation.
And, and to be fair, only to get a replacement for a GPI still though, which they haven't
filled that position yet. So right now they can't do anything until that happens.
And at least in Microsoft space, I remember I was playing ant stream on the Xbox one and ant
stream is a cloud service for retro games. So that whole concept of like, I guess streaming games,
even if it's not necessarily a Microsoft product, at least in the X Microsoft space,
we've seen it happen before for some weird reason that client's been unavailable for a while.
I'm not sure what's going on with ant stream because my subscription finally ran out and
I don't plan on re-upping until I can get it on Xbox again specifically the Xbox series X.
But I, I think it's interesting, at least there, that sort of precedence is there. So Bobby,
I think in their discord, the Xbox one client is even unavailable at the moment. It was there
before, but I remember them saying there was some issues or something like that. I could be wrong,
but I would want them to have it on series X and S and all that stuff.
For the record, by the way, I did also just real quick take a peek because there's a fairly recent
article about Stadia as well from gamesindustry.biz which is a pretty good site for some general news.
But they were talking about how, of course, Epic has sued Google for the way that their
revenue models work. And they're supposed to be readjusting their revenue models.
So that's coming up a little later in the show, actually.
Is it? Oh, I wasn't aware.
We'll talk about that later. Yeah.
Okay. But at any rate, according to everything here, it does look like they're alive and well.
Yeah. So I-
Didn't see any point in doing their own development.
I'm just curious, again, what types of games are we talking about on Netflix?
And I want to see a little more about what that looks like before I really try to
put on the crystal ball and all that and really try to predict anything.
Okay, sorry. Go ahead.
Okay. They hired Mike Verdu to be the vice president of game development.
Huh?
I was just saying, I did hear that. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. But basically, he was the VP of content for Facebook reality labs
and a senior VP of mobile for EA. So he's got a good resume behind him.
His CV is looking pretty decently. And then the one I would have more of a worry about
is Amazon's. I don't think it's going to do very well.
You know, that kind of plays into a comment that Tay plays games,
says in our chat is that GeForce Now and Stadia are already struggling.
Why not capitalize on it? And you're right. Amazon's,
I don't remember what it's called, Luma, Luna, something like that.
We've barely heard a blip. Luna.
We've barely heard a blip about that. So that really only leaves
Microsoft's entry, which they really haven't fully gotten into yet.
Like I still feel like Microsoft's still kind of like teasing it and
dipping their toe in the water with the whole X cloud stuff.
And, you know, so so I agree that like if Netflix is going with a cloud based strategy,
that could be very interesting. And, you know, again, especially
if they are bundling it in with their movie part, it means it's going to open it up to all these
people who already have Netflix. And I think Netflix has to kind of look at how do we get
pretty much everybody who's going to sign up for Netflix for movies and TV has already done it.
How do we keep expanding beyond that? I don't really think that right now that
Stadia or GeForce are really struggling because they've got a decent market.
I mean, I personally know more people on GeForce than on Stadia, but.
I mean, everything's been kept up to date and Stadia, Google has more relationship deals with
these companies that they're offering the game to space through.
But I mean, like neither is that unbeatable Goliath yet.
No, not yet. Not yet. But I think that because they got the head start on it,
that I think they're going to stay. They've already got their names behind them.
And GeForce probably like if you're going to think of a tech company, you know, Google is
going to be up there above Nvidia because you're thinking of Nvidia when you're thinking of parts.
And lack of graphics cards, we're looking at the ability. Yeah, but but at any rate.
I think.
I think Netflix has a good chance. I don't think Amazon does.
We'll see. I still need to know more about Netflix, but I think it's I think the fact
that they can essentially Trojan horse their service to millions of people that already have
Netflix is going to give them something that these other companies, all of them that you've named,
don't have. And I think that's going to be fascinating.
I should tell you what the deciding factor for Stadia was for me,
was that because keep in mind now it was strictly for Dead by Daylight, right?
Right. But I have a bunch of other games because I pay for the the pro.
And I've got lots of good stuff on there that I can play that I have played.
I mean, I've never had any lag or any problem with it. Just, you know,
if the server goes down, the server goes down and that's all it is.
But what I like is that the thing that really cemented it for me was the fact that
Behaviour had that thing to link my Stadia account to my Steam account.
So that my achievements and everything will cross over, even if it's by the DLC again,
which I already had a bunch of the DLC anyway, and we bought them on Stadia.
So that was my deciding factor. The fact that Google has relationships
like this with other companies sort of speaks to me.
Yeah. All right. Well, a good discussion. And I think this is really just the first
of many nights we're going to be talking about this in the coming months as we start to see
more of what this looks like. Well, and one last little thing.
Yes, of course. I'm hoping that this ends up being healthy competition.
Oh, yeah. That it encourages these other
companies to make their models more attractive. To maybe offer like tiered subscriptions,
for example. I mean, Amethyst Rose, which, you know, my friend and coworker,
she uses the G4 service and pays like five bucks a month. I pay nine for Stadia Pro.
But, you know, Stadia Pro is also going to give you like a bunch of free games while you're at it.
Just saying, yeah. And Tae plays games and chat says,
hi, Timmy, we already pay $17.99 a month for Netflix. Now you can stream games.
That is absolutely going to be what gives Netflix a competitive edge if they're not shit games.
And that's obviously and here we go again, back to that OLR golden rule we've been saying for
years and years. The system is only as good as the games that are on it.
That is exactly it. So if Netflix goes into gaming and it's just a bunch of shit,
Android games that are, you know, ported for streaming service or whatever, not saying that
every Android game is bad, but we know there's a lot of garbage out there.
I don't think they'd go that way, though. I'm not people. I'm I'm hoping so. I'm hoping you're
right. Let's see what they have in store when they start announcing what the games are for sure.
DJ Rama S and I'll let this be the last comment says the NES, the Netflix entertainment system.
We'll see. We'll see. All right. Moving on, Loki.
Yeah. So this is at least a rumor of a brand new IP being worked on by the coalition,
the folks behind Gears of War, of course, leaked from a linked in
profile, basically saying that someone is a level designer on brand new IP at coalition.
So I mean, yeah, Gears of War is not going to go on forever. So it makes sense that they'd
be working on something new. What are we going to hear about that new IP? Who knows?
I don't know. It's not surprising.
I'm curious to see what they're cooking up. It's nice. It's nice when you can kind of get
away from that franchise that you've like people don't think you can make anything else with that
game. So I think it'll be nice for them to kind of get away from that and make something different.
Yeah, I'm sure. I don't know. I'm sure it'll be cool.
Yeah. All right. Something I think is going to be pretty cool. I hope so.
And is also going to be competition in the MOBA space is Pokemon Unite. And now we know
when Pokemon Unite is coming out. That's right. It's a Pokemon MOBA. So it's League of Legends,
Heroes of the Storm, Dota 2, but it's Pokemon.
Oh boy.
Yeah. This is the game that will get Shane to play MOBAs. And I actually know I'm
I'll shade aside. I'm actually excited to try this because I've really sucked at other MOBAs
like League of Legends. I've been bullied off of that game. Heroes of the Storm. I will only
play PvE because I was bullied off of that game. Dota 2. I'm not sure I still completely
understand. So I kind of love the idea that there's going to be a Nintendo MOBA because
hopefully I won't be bullied off of the Switch, but I might be. I don't know. We'll see.
So is it is it Nintendota?
I'm leaving now.
Why are you like this? All right. Anyway, I've been this way for a long time.
Pokemon Unite. We know the date. It's going to be the 21st next week. So by the next show,
this will probably be a part of my gaming week. It will come out on the Switch.
So this is in advance of the mobile release. They're going to have a mobile version of this
as well. And if you get into the Switch version early before August 31st, you will get a mythical
Zeraora, which will let you use that Pokemon, which I imagine they're going to be. It's free
to play, but they're probably going to sell characters like a lot of games do and items
and things like that. It will have cross-play capabilities with mobile. And yeah, we've known
about this for about a year now. In general, two teams of five Pokemon are going to try to kick
each other's butt. There are different scoring areas on each side. You score points by capturing
wild Pokemon on the field. You want to score more points than the other during the time period,
you get to level evolve and learn new moves by defeating wild Pokemon. I think that is an
interesting concept that none of these other MOBAs that I know of anyway, have is that like,
let's say you play a Charmander. I don't even remember if that's one of them in the game,
but as you play the game, you evolve into Charmeleon Charizard. And I think that's kind
of neat. The concept of like an evolving character. What about Charmander Shepherd?
Um, probably a DLC that will cost you $20,000. Um, it'll be like that Dead by Daylight DLC
where you're paying more for a fucking Kriskin than you did for the Resident Evil DLC.
So I paid for the Kriskin as did I because and the Claire and the other Leon and all of them,
because I paid for survivors, Rob. And guess who doesn't play survivor?
Okay. Repeat after me, Dark Sakura. I, I am a consumer whore. There you go. You got it.
That's how, you know, we've known each other forever. We finish each other's sentences.
We finish each other's sandwiches.
Uh, Mike Deft is pointing out the Unite beta in Japan was actually fun says Mike Deft. Um,
and, uh, half the chat has left the chat after Loki's joke. Thanks for that, Loki. You know
how to keep the ratings going. Good, good job. All right. And, uh, the mod bot just triggered
on the word whores. So now we've, we have now allowed the word whores so you can free
refer to them as sex workers, Rob. All right. Anyway, let's move on. Uh,
I think this next story is kind of interesting. Uh, Dark Sakura.
Well, the man, the myth, the legend, Kojima Hideo, the man who gave us Metal Gear,
the man who gave us Silent Hill and more recently has given us Death Stranding.
He doesn't like them calling the new release of it a director's cut. This is assuming that
there were things that were cut from the movie from the movie, from the game that are being
put back into the game because he's the director. And he said, so no, he says that this is a little
bit more, in fact, I'll just read his quote about it in the game. It is not what was cut,
but what was additionally produced that was included, uh, directors plus.
So in my opinion, I don't like to call directors cut. Um, and so yeah, he, he,
it's just more content for the game. It's like a special edition. So it's yeah. Um, so at any rate,
um, calling it a director's cut was more, is more of like a marketing decision. The marketing team
did it. They did the same thing for, uh, the, uh, re-release of Ghosts of Tsushima, uh, Tsushima,
sorry, I can pronounce words, the director's cut for August 20th. Um, but basically what they have
going on, uh, for Death Stranding quote, quote, director's cut, quote, quote, quote, um, is that
it has new story missions, more combat exploration, a firing range or racing mode.
Um, and 4k HDR options to launch on September 24th or an upgrade if you have the original.
Um, but yeah, Kojima doesn't like it and we support the decisions of our Lord and Master Kojima.
It is weird to hear somebody so openly defying. Like, I don't like what they did to this before
the fucking thing even releases. But at the same time, like I feel like Hideo Kojima can literally
do whatever he wants in this industry. There are very few people, I would say Miyamoto's another
one. There are very few people in this industry that are allowed to do literally whatever they
want. And people will be like, yes, Kojima, yes. You know, people will still, uh, eat it up. Uh,
and it's, it's interesting that he makes the movie comparisons when Death Stranding really
is cinematic in so many ways and in some ways has been razzed for not being much of a game.
I disagree with that, but I understand that Death Stranding is very cinematic in its ways and that
the game part is not necessarily what people look forward to and playing that game, if that makes
sense. Well, and I think it's just his point that calling it a director's cut is, uh,
a misnomer of sorts. Yes. Yes. I know. And more special edition or whatever. Yeah.
Right. Like a director's cut would like be like, say the Superman to Donner's cut.
That's a director's cut. Right. Or going back and watching the original run of a Blade Runner
without the narration over the end. Cause Harrison Ford hated that.
Now, what would you call watching legend with the superior tangerine dream soundtrack?
So it's not really a director's cut. I don't know. That's more bonus. All right. Anyway,
uh, Tay plays games and chat says, I read Kojima statement, but I was a bit confused.
Was he trying to say the additions fundamentally interfered with his creative vision or was it just
semantics? Um, I think it was just semantics, but you raised an interesting point. Could there,
could you read between the lines here and wonder, did Kojima even want to do this?
Or was he kinda asked extremely nicely, maybe not so nicely to do it.
I sort of think Kojima again can do whatever he wants. So if they came to him and said,
we'd like you to do this, he had every right to say no, but maybe he's like,
but it could be more money for my next project. So let's just do it.
Maybe it wasn't necessarily that he didn't want to do it, but it was more of like, Hey, we need
you to do a PS five port. He's like, Oh cool. I'm going to do that. And I'm going to add some
more things to the game. And they're like, we're going to put director's cut on. And he's like,
well, and don't forget that Kojima is talking with, uh, Microsoft about, uh, a potential deal.
Right. There's that little buzz, buzz, buzz going around, right?
Well, don't forget Phil Spencer had the little Kojima pro figure.
Oh, Microsoft on his desk. Microsoft's just Microsoft is Phil. Spencer is so fucking good.
Like I, I couldn't have, we had him for the Sega Saturn. Why, why could I, I'm just,
I'm excited. He's in this industry now and I'm excited. He's leading Microsoft. He's just,
he's so fucking good. All right. Yeah. Although I, I, what I hope is that we get something
that is what silent Hills was supposed to have been.
You know, it's just having this discussion in the car with, um, Shane and Dustin on the
drive back from SF last night, we were talking a little bit about like the PT demo and how,
you know, it just kinda, you know, it's people still talk about the PT demo to say, hello,
here we go. You want to know what I have a Mac version of it called punity.
Well, and well, and just the fact, okay. But there's lots of versions of PT because that
has inspired people to make all of these clones, knockoffs, emulate, like.
Well, the assets exported for this. Yeah. Um, well it had the assets, uh,
exported for the build that I have. Um, but there's also, I mean,
people are still talking about it. We had boundary break, uh, episodes of it just last year.
Yeah. Well, and my, my whole thing that, you know, the discussion was,
was how many elements of that maybe ended up in death stranding since they were, you know,
they both had Norman Reedus and a lot of the other guests, you know, you kind of wonder how many of
the ideas maybe really were in death stranding. And we just don't know. It may have been a thing
that was in Kojima's original silent Hill vision. Cause we didn't get to see much of it sadly.
Now I'm not saying death stranding is like what silent Hill would have been no,
but you got to wonder how many concepts may have been a part of it.
I think that death stranding is far larger in scope than the narrative of silent Hill.
I think that whole concept of the baby providing guidance and all that,
I think there's something there that ties to the silent Hill concept.
Because remember in the PT demo, when you've got that, like really
that thing talking to you in the sink and all that stuff.
What the fetus? Yes.
Like I think there, I feel like there might be a connection.
So I don't know. All right.
I don't at all. I think that the PT itself was to, was to be something to build the buzz
for silent Hills. I think that what happened in that house probably had nothing to do with
what silent Hills was going to be. And, you know, because that seems like a Kojima thing to do.
All right. You know, like, I mean, look at, look at metal gear, solid,
uh, uh, three. What, what was right in there for?
Uh, it's been forever. Yeah. Or was that two? I don't remember.
Yeah. It was the one with right in it
where he was pretty and I liked him and he ran around naked holding his crotch
while the guy yelled, we need scissors 62. Mike deaf says that was two.
That was two. Okay. Um, I just, that part will always just stick in my head forever.
We need scissors. All right. Let's move on to, uh,
our next story here, which, uh, we kind of referenced a little bit ago, but Loki.
My bad. Yeah. So, uh, say is going to be giving developers and publishers, um, more of the cut
of the sales. So starting October 1st, they're going to receive 85% of the sales revenue. Um,
and then the split applies to only the, the first 3 million of sales. And then it will
only be in place until the end of 2023, in which case it'll go back to the current revenue split
as it is on top of that. They're also going to be splitting the, uh, stadia pro subscription
fees as well. Um, assuming that the publisher puts their title into the stadia pro lineup,
which is that game library that you get, you know, free with your membership. And then based
on the engagement with those, they will get a cut of that as well. So it depends. So it's
good to be involved with it. And also the game has to be played by people. You can't just like,
you know, put crappy game in there and just get a cut of it. Right. Um, there's some people that
are reacting to this news going, Ooh, she's desperate, but, um, I'm not sure it's really
that. I think it's just, this is competition kind of playing off a little bit because now
Amazon is in this space. Now, you know, the G force and all these other now Netflix,
even though this decision was made before, I'm sure the Netflix thing came out, maybe they were
reading some tea leaves. Um, but I think this is more about the lawsuit though. Also with like,
say Apple in that whole thing going on because of the cuts that they're taking from their storefront.
They're trying to like hard to say when you're not in the boardroom, but, um, anything's possible.
Sure. Yeah. So, all right. Uh, let's move on. Uh, we gotta keep it moving here. Uh,
we're going to talk about this next story, which I think is really funny when a company leaks its own
game. Uh, let's talk about Neo. The world ends with you. How many of you guys are looking forward
to that game? Cause I know a lot of people have been rediscovering the original world ends with
you game with the switch port and everything like that stylish. Yeah. Well now you can play
the stylish sequel Neo. The world ends with you except, um, some folks got to, uh, check it out
a little bit early. Here's the thing. Um, if you pre-ordered a physical switch copy on the square
Enoch store, they acts at the square Enoch store accidentally started sending out digital codes on
July 16th. The game's not out until the 27th. So somebody hit the fire button early on those emails.
So oopsie, but it's kind of hard to like a feel bad for square Enochs. They did it themselves.
We're not talking about like, Oh, it got hacked and leaked that way. Nope. They just sent out.
And for whatever reason, the codes worked that you'd think that would be the other thing is that,
okay, the codes just don't work till the 27th. But whoops anyway. Well, the other thing too,
which is kind of weird with that is like, typically with digital games on like even
the switch storefront, like you can, you can preload them, but they won't let you unlock
it until the night. So it's like, they just, they whoopsie the few times they're like,
it's not going to be it's fine. It's also important to point out they were getting
digital copies of the full game and it was, they they're getting physical copies. That's
what they pre-ordered. So folks are thinking the digital codes were probably supposed to be for
like a soundtrack, some bonus DLC, cosmetics, something like that. And oops, all retail codes.
Just send them codes, like reviewer codes instead of like soundtrack codes or something.
So people really could, if they wanted to, they could just keep that digital code they've redeemed
and sell their physical edition and they'll still have access. Nothing's going to, I mean,
I guess technically in the rules that you agree to when you sign up for these online things,
and this is part of the controversy of digital stores, Square, if they wanted to,
could pull access to those codes. Because I've seen that, I've seen that happen with
preview and early release and types of things before is that they pull the codes so they no
longer work after a certain day. But I don't know if it would be a good idea for Square to do it.
It would depend on probably how many people this affects. Like if it's only several hundred people,
they're probably just going to write it off. They're going to have to.
So we'll see. But I just, I think that's hilarious that the company themselves
accidentally sent out the game, but these mistakes happen. It's a complicated industry, you guys.
Tay plays games and chat says, is always hard to feel bad for Square Enix. Well,
they are a very big company. That is true. So, all right.
I still think more of the Enix, they should be bringing back some of the old Enix titles,
like Bust-A-Move. That's right. No Forgiveness for Square Enix until Bust-A-Move part three.
Or four, I guess. Dance Summit.
Four. Hey, Dance Summit is fun. Don't knock it.
No, I know. I know. But all right. Anyway, since Dark Soccer has brought up some older games,
I think it's a good time for an old favorite here at OLR.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick this week, Dark Soccer?
I picked Sakura Taisen from 1996 for Sega Saturn. And this game is fairly unique and
it was multiple genre combining. And it really was, I mean, something that spawned several sequels
and so much, so many manga. And remember my Cardcaptor Sakura that I have on Dreamcast?
They came with the plate and the fork and the clock and everything.
Oh, yes.
And the pillowcase. They did a Sakura Taisen for Dreamcast that came with some of the
same stuff. And yeah, the music in Sakura Taisen is absolutely great.
So it was the first installment created by Hiroi Oji. It came out on the Sega Saturn and then was
later ported to Dreamcast and had a remake for PlayStation 2. And Sega defined it as a dramatic
adventure game. And what happened is that it was an overlay of three different genre. You had
tactical role-playing, you had a dating sim and a visual novel. So it was set in 1923 during the
Taisho era. And it follows this group called the Imperial Combat Review, which is a military unit
that fights supernatural threats against Tokyo. And they have a cover as a theater troupe.
Um, one of the ensigns of the Imperial Japanese Navy,
Ogami Ichiro, was assigned to lead the flower division, which was all women with magical
abilities. And they use steam-powered armor. So it's sort of like turn, well, I'd say early,
early 20th century, um, steampunk-ish magical Japan. That seems pretty okay.
Um, so the concept for it began in 1990. Um, the team that, um, Hiroi had, uh,
sort of working on his concept and then got approval, uh, by Sega. And then it brought in,
um, some pretty good, uh, writers, character designers and composers, like the composer was,
um, Tanaka Kohei. Um, and among some of this stuff that, that he did, um, he did some stuff
it will in, uh, uh, anime, he did the arrangement opening and ending for Dragon Ball. He did, uh,
some stuff. He did, uh, some stuff for Patlabor, you know, where I'm talking like, like the awesome
eighties anime, he did stuff for bastard. He did stuff for a spirit of wonder dragon half,
you know, so, uh, Tenshi Mujo GXP, he also did, I'm trying to think of some more recent stuff.
Um, he did the Sakura Taisen animation that just came out in 2020. Um, Hayate the combat
butler, if anyone else has watched that, he did a bunch of, uh, full length movies. So I'm just
saying he's got a lot of good, he did the music for Gravity Rush and Alundra. So anyway, I just
wanted to, to point out the music was very good. Um, so going back into this, um, like I said,
it's cross genre. So you have the two gameplay modes. One is an adventure mode and the other is
your battle mode. The adventure mode is between, uh, these different periods where you navigate
the grand Imperial theater and interact with the characters. And then the battle mode is a
turn-based battle system on a tile grid kind of, you know, it's tactics, it's a tactics style game.
And so your progress is saved at the end of each episode. So the episodes go like you're watching,
um, uh, an anime. They, they have, uh, each different episode as you're going through the story.
Um, so, uh, you have an adventure mode, you can walk through the theater. I kind of thought it
was a little bit like Danganronpa a little bit for the walking around. Um, and then you have
these critical conversations that you can have with the flower division and the supporting
characters. Um, and they give you a time limit for you to put in your input. So depending on
how you respond, the character may respond positively or negatively, and it affects your
future interactions. Um, and then there's also, uh, you can hold like your cursor over the character's
portrait to hear their inner monologue, which is fairly interesting. Um, and then of course,
each of the main, uh, heroines have their own different quirk that you have to remember so
that you can raise their trust level with you. So dating sim. Um, and so, uh, for the, the battle
mode, you have, uh, each unit has their turn and each has two actions. Um, you can do two actions
during, during your turn. So you have attack, defend, move, and death blow, which is a one hit
kill. Um, you also have some charging. You also have healing, um, which those are done to like
the unit. Um, and if you, if you lose, you can rematch. Um, and it's got animated cut scenes and
musical numbers and all kinds of fun stuff. Um, so the game in and of itself was partly proposed
um, by way of tabletop role-playing games. Um, the, he called, uh, Hiroi and the team called
them Sakura 1 and Sakura 2, which were the strategy elements came into the game from this
and as well as the story came in and they were also, you know, took a lot of influence from the
Fire Emblem series, you know, with the turn-based, uh, combat using that grid. Um, and then once
it was, you know, they had a full idea together, they, you know, the project will make a great
game. He proposed Sakura to, uh, different companies and none of them was interested in it.
And so he, he put the game aside and then, um, the vice-president of Sega at the time, um,
Iri, I'm going to mispronounce this, Iri Maigeri Suichiro, um, had contacted him about the, uh,
possibility of doing a game with a mascot for, you know, to develop a mascot for the Sega Saturn.
Um, and Hiroi had some different suggestions, um, but it was eventually, this is what led to
Sakura Taisen coming out on Saturn. Um, so at any rate, it has a lot of things in common. Um,
it basically is a bishoujo game, meaning pretty girl, you know, um, as, as opposed to bishounen
for pretty boy, but you have, you know, anyway, going, going back. So there were lots of things
in the battle scenes were, um, that were, uh, influenced by, uh, TV of an earlier era,
like the common writer series and Ultraman, um, by having like the larger mecha fight.
Um, and so the art design of going into the art design on this one, um, the, uh, the art
had some, there were some placeholders on there, but it was finally, uh, designed, fully designed
and finalized by Fujishima Kosuke, who did Oh My Goddess or Amigami Sama. Um, you know,
I'd say the anime probably had a lot more popularity in the nineties. Um, but, uh,
but his work was like the glue that held the project together. And so he came up with all
kinds of outfits and everything for them. And then, um, the supporting cast and general animation
was done by, uh, Matsubara Hidenori. Um, so they, they really had, you know, they,
they also did a little bit of the basis for their general style, like for the uniforms,
sort of loosely based off of, um, uh, early British soldier uniforms a little bit. Um,
and now Hiroi was going to do this in Meiji era Japan, but it looked like it was going to
be better to do it during the Taisho era, which is when Japan was integrating Western culture
more so, and hence the designs of the uniforms. So, um, and also though in the original draft,
it was supposed to be a lot darker because it brought into account the great Kanto earthquake
and then the breaking down of the Taisho period, but they threw that out totally and just kept
certain elements that were gonna, uh, you know, just keep it a little bit more light and
lighthearted. Um, and so, I mean, basically that, that's it. It had some great voice actors. I mean,
first of all, um, Sakura was voiced by, uh, Yokoyama Chisa. Um, she, uh, she's been voice
acting those since eight 87, like that, uh, black magic M66. That was like a, what I really liked
back then robot carnival. Um, I'm trying to think of something that more people might've
heard her in Rojin Z, uh, Miki Momo, um, golf horse. Uh, she was, uh, uh, Murugu and Yu Yu Hakusho,
uh, Himechan no ribbon. She did some stuff in there anyway. Um, so yeah, uh, you know,
they got some pretty great voice talent in there. Um, they have, uh, had some singers who were also,
uh, um, doing some of the voice acting roles because they had to be able to sing as well.
Uh, you know, uh, a couple of, um, the, uh, actress, the actor actor who is actually, um,
Ogami, the, the main guy had almost no voice acting. Um, he was in training for a voice actor
and they, they took him in and he did really well and he was the last, uh, character to be cast.
So, yeah. Um, I'm, I'm going to get a little bit past some of the background on this. It had a
great soundtrack, the Sakura, uh, Tyson soundtrack, steam gramophone 51 tracks from the game published
by BMG Japan. Um, and then, um, there was the vocal collection also done by BMG and then the
2003 remake, um, was released by, uh, Avex mode. Hmm. So, um, so yeah, for releases, it was, um,
a special Sega presentation in 1995, uh, for release in April, 1996 for the Sega Genesis,
not Genesis one missing Genesis, the Sega Saturn. Um, and it was dubbed a dramatic adventure. Um,
the port for Dreamcast came out May 25th, uh, 2000 with a version for I mode mobile devices.
Um, and of course that was the special edition that had also plates and saucers and all kinds
of goodies. It had windows ports, um, for windows, Emmy and windows 2000, um, uh, windows 95 and
windows 98 as well. It had a sequel on PSP. Uh, there was also the DVD ROM version out for windows
2000 XP and Vista, um, ASCII core did, um, some, uh, guidebooks for them. Um,
but it never did get an English release. Um, they, uh, he really wanted it to be released in,
in the U S um, but there is a patch, a translation patch out for Saturn. Um, as we can see from the,
the playthrough that we have going on, I think we're seeing a Twitch. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. It's a fan translation. Um, so there was a PS two remake. Um, it was a 3d remake
called Sakura Tyson in hot blood, and it was announced as part of the Sakura Tyson world
project, which was an effort to bring it to a new audience. Um, and they did lots of reworks. They,
uh, changed the, the functions in the, uh, the, the story mode part of it. Um, they brought back,
um, all of the original, uh, actresses recorded new voice acting for it. Um, and there you go.
It came out in February 22nd, 2003 first prints came out with a special DVD that had a documentary
dealing with the development process of Sakura Tyson and mobile tie-in stuff. Many games,
other stuff came out, but, um, they, uh, they were going to have access to be content through
a direct cable connection, but because of driver capacity issues, they did a password system
instead. The game was wonderfully received. It got a, uh, 33 out of 40 from Famitsu,
um, a 35 out of 40 for the PS2 version. Um, it did get, um, uh, a couple of English language
reviews, including a game fan, um, Dreamcast magazine, uh, had their own, uh, review of it.
The sales were amazing. Um, it was, he promised that it would sell 200,000 units and, um, it
actually sold 2005, sorry, 205,270 units in the first week. So it is considered to be one of the
best-selling, uh, titles of all time. Um, it's like 40, 54th as of 2003 for the, for the remake.
Um, the only thing that outsold it in its timeframe was Star Ocean till the end of time by
Enix and Dynasty Warriors 4 from Toei. That's with that, uh, that version. Um, so it also had
other, uh, releases. There were three sequels, Sakura Taisen 2, Thou Shalt Not Die for Saturn,
Sakura, uh, Sakura Taisen 3 is Paris Burning, which makes me laugh for other reasons.
Right. Yeah. Sakura Taisen 4, Fall in Love Maidens for the Dreamcast.
That's the one that came with this stuff, by the way. Um, there was supposed to be, um,
there's a fourth sequel for PS2 called Sakura Wars 5, Farewell My Lovely. Um, it was published
as Sakura Wars So Long My Love outside of Japan. Um, it had, uh, anime, manga, uh, you know,
character CDs. Um, it had, uh, some of the characters showed up in Project X Zone on 3DS.
Um, there's the OAV series, uh, Sakura Taisen, The Gorgeous Blooming Cherry Blossoms.
Um, Studio Madhouse, um, was behind, uh, well, actually, um,
it was co-produced by Red Company that did Sakura Taisen, Madhouse, and Studio Matrix.
Um, and it basically expanded upon the first game. It had a few more things behind the scenes. And
there was, of course, the manga, um, that was serialized in Monthly Magazine, uh, Zedd. Um,
and then it has since been released in Tankoban, um, afterwards. And so, uh, published by Kodansha.
And that's it. That is everything. Well, not everything you should know, but it's a lot.
Sakura Taisen is one of the ones I've been holding off on for a while because so much.
But it's also interesting because I would bet a lot of listeners out there, I mean,
I'm sure plenty do know about this series, but I bet there's a lot that don't, um, and just how
much of this there has been. And, you know, kind of, as you pointed out, it's really kind of unique
to the Japanese gaming audience because they really have resisted, you know, putting this out,
uh, for, you know, our local, yeah, our localized, uh, audience for some time. And it took fan
translations and stuff to make that happen. But, um, obviously this is a huge franchise,
just maybe not here in this country and musicals, according to yes.
To, uh, there is, uh, Shin Sakura Taisen. Um, and yeah, I, I, uh, I, I wasn't going to go too much
into what else the, uh, the voice actress had done, but the voice cast is really, really top.
I mean, even this guy for this, having been his first role to play the main character,
he did really well. I thought it was great. All right. So there it is your classic game
of the week, Sakura Taisen or Sakura Wars. All right. Uh, let's move on actually quickly before
we get into rapid fire news. I remembered I left something out of my gaming week and I thought this
would be kind of funny. Um, since we were out doing Pokemon go yesterday, uh, we, we had taken
the Bart over there and we'd, we'd, uh, written, which is the train basically in the Bay area.
So we, um, exactly. Um, and so we had parked at Concord, you know, that area. So we actually
ended up going over to the Concord mall to eat and, uh, we went around one. So I, I haven't
been around one since, you know, before the pandemic. So, um, I saw a lot of folks playing
DDR and that stuff, which I wasn't going to get on there in a mat with a mask and everything.
People play DDR to mask and all that stuff now. And I'm like, ah, I just don't, I don't have the
stamina for it, you know, and so forth, but there's a 2d X machine in the corner.
They had the latest one. It was the, um, the B B's Bistro. I don't know what the cooking one,
cause it has a little cooking mini game at the end. So I, I just sat in the corner and played
that over. That's it then. Thank you. Beast over. I sat in the corner and played that all night.
Now I was definitely grandpa on the machine because I was like, I'm going to play songs
from third style. Jamie, I played, I played the Safari. I did be me. Uh, but I did try,
but I was, do you agree the best version of Safari is the original version and not the fast one?
Yes. The original is much better. Um, but I, you know, the fast one was what was on the machine,
but I did unlock through that mini game. I unlocked some song that I tried. It was a
nine star song though. So I flopped. I did as my last stage and I flopped. It was really good song.
I played some of the new songs and I was into them, the ones that I picked. Um, so I, yes,
I tried to mix up my classics with some contemporary stuff, but yeah, I thought some
you might get a kick out of that as a, Oh yeah, I played two DX this week. And it's, it's actually
where I was at the arcade and I played nothing but two DX. I didn't, uh, the, um,
Shane was playing the one that looks like the, the washing machine where you hit the edge on
the outside and it's all bright. I can't remember the name. Oh, um, my, my, is that it? No, I thought
I had a different name. Is there another game like that? Waka it's Waka. Oh, Waka. Oh, that's
what he was playing. Um, I like my, my, and like groove coaster was playing, uh, that a lot, but,
um, Oh, Jason says, you can see your play history on the EMU's portal. I need to log in and set up
my card and all that stuff. Um, I really need Roseville to get the round one up and going,
I would play more two DX in the arcade. If we're like kind of coming soon for a long time now,
like I understand, you know, COVID fucked everything up. Like I get it. So I'm not like,
why isn't it out? But I'm still like, Oh, hurry up and open. Cause I want to play so bad.
So one of these days, um, let's see, what was, uh, I was trying to think of it along with the
music games. Oh, you know, what's interesting. A friend of mine here locally bought a theater,
the machine and has it in his house now. And I want to go over and play it so bad. Cause I love
like theater isms. One of my favorite music cabs. Cause the DS game is no dance rush.
Lots of fun. I love theater them. The arcade version's really cool. And he has it in his
house. He had the money and, and setting up a little arcade in his spare room. And he really,
cause he's a huge final fantasy fan. So he really liked it too. Um, so yeah, I'm hoping to go over
there and play that. So that'd be fun. I don't know if he has it hooked up on EMU's or, or
it's not EMU's, but you know, a comparable system. I don't know if he has, cause I have a card for
that. So anyway, uh, Bobby Blackwell says I have considered getting a used 2DX cabinet for my
arcade. They are lots of fun. They are big and make a lot of noise. The only problem is at round
one, everything makes noise. And so sometimes it's really hard to hear, but I get, I have a
hard time there. Well, if I think ahead, you can plug in headphones into these newer machines,
but I just, I don't plan right for this stuff. So my bad. All right. Anyway, let's move on.
Let's get into some other rapid fire news and quickly talk about some other things going on
in the industry. Uh, Loki. Yeah. So like we, um, we've talked about some of the different Bethesda
games and stuff coming out and different exclusives and timed exclusives. Well, one of
the other games that was also supposed to be exclusive to PlayStation five ghost wire Tokyo
has been delayed to 2022, but, um, not a huge surprise and, you know, obviously
COVID did play a big part of that. So we'll just have to wait longer. It's fine.
And then, uh, apparently there's going to be an update to, uh, Android with Android 12,
that'll actually allow you to play games as they download. So they said some titles that support
that they'll be able to play within seconds, which is pretty cool, especially for some larger
download games. And if you're downloading in a spotty cell signal area or something as opposed
to weekly. So, yeah, they said, for example, you know, like a 20, 127 megabyte game, um,
can be played after about 20% of it's downloaded. That's getting very common these days too. Cause,
um, you know, some PC and I'm sure Mac stuff, you know, it's kind of like that. And then, um,
Microsoft X-Box is doing that stuff too, where it's like, when you download game pass games,
you probably only be a third of the way in the download and it's ready to run.
So it's kind of nice. We like that. Yeah. All right. Uh, so, um, it seems like almost
every week I have something about someone found a really good copy of this old game and it sold
for a bunch of money that happened again. Um, now super Mario 64 is the world's most expensive
video game. It just sold for 1.56 million, which broke the record set by the legend of
Zelda two days before. Um, and, uh, it was again by put up by heritage auctions. Um,
and it was purchased after 16, uh, 16 bids. And, uh, this particular, uh, copy is, you know, nice
new in the box. Really pretty. Yeah. Um, but also it was, I mean, the game has significance
because it was, uh, uh, you know, the first, you know, real 3d Mario game. And it was kind of weird
because I think it signaled a transition away from cartridge based gaming because it wasn't
too long that CD and DVD and then blue Ray replaced everything. Although we had our moment
with the, with the giga desk. Good job, Sega. True thumbs up. Um, so yeah, there you go. Um, it,
it sold for a lot, a lot of money. It was, um, in near perfect condition. Um, it had a plastic case
and was still factory sealed and shrink wrapped. And it rated a 9.8 or an eight plus plus rating
on the water scale. So it was practically undamaged. It was near perfect. Um, and they
said they found no notable, uh, imperfections. So good deal. All right. And moving forward, um,
now we're getting into more Mario and a little bit more luxury. Now I thought that I was,
I had my eyes set really high when I went in my Hermes, uh, Apple watch still kind of want one,
at least want the band, but now, uh, uh, Tug Hauer, which is like one of the top luxury
watchmakers in the world, um, has a limited edition super Mario watch. Um, and, uh, it's,
it's a smartwatch. Um, and its price is $2,150. Um, sheesh. Yeah. Actually I take that back
because there's a typo on this. It shouldn't be dollars. That's, uh, 2,150 pounds.
So it's even more in the dollars. Yeah. Yeah. So, um, it looks cool. It's got a red band.
It comes with a nice case, you know, and you pretty much, I think get like lifetimes of
repairs on it because, uh, Tug Hauer is like, yeah. Yeah. When they talk about Swiss precision,
this is some fucking Swiss, uh, precision from a Swiss watchmaker thumbs. So anyway, um, yeah,
go buy me one. Thank you. I still want my Hermes. Uh, I'm going to seek something in here real
quick, uh, before we get to world release dates, um, because it was mentioned in our intro tonight
by Jason, but one other announcement that came out on July 15th has to do with path of exile.
You know, that game has been around since 2010. That's like an 11 year old game at this point,
kind of the free to play answer to Diablo three, uh, path of exile had a new expansion announced
called expedition and it's out very soon. It's out, I believe on the 23rd was the day for that.
Um, so it's coming out very soon and it's going to be doing some different things to the game.
Uh, so you have to excavate relics in the game and, uh, you are doing this to, uh, you know,
make peace with new merchants, uh, in the world. Uh, but there are also new support and skill gems
that are going to be added to the game. So that means you'll get to see some new skills. Uh,
there's a skill called spectral helix and something called explosive concoction also.
And this is also very interesting, I think, because this might be a reason to revisit
path of exile. If you haven't done it in a while, uh, balance changes as well as a rework of the
first act is coming as well. And then I think they're talking about the flask system is also
going to be changed. So this is some pretty hefty changes in advance of path of exile too, which is
still a thing that's happening. Um, so yeah, I'd be curious to check this out. I think it's the
23rd on PC and I think the 28th on consoles. So, um, you can check that out in the coming week,
uh, cause remember path of exile is a free to play, uh, type of game. So pretty cool.
All right. Uh, moving on, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Yeah. So in the U S we've got a few things coming out this week, starting with Akiba's
trip, hell bound and debriefed coming on PC, Nintendo switch and PlayStation four.
We have Ender Lily's quietus of the nights and that's on PlayStation four,
a cotton reboot on Nintendo switch and PlayStation four. Uh, Chris tales on PC,
Nintendo switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series X, and stadia
deaths door on PC, Xbox one and Xbox series X, uh, Pokemon unite also on
Nintendo switch this week. Last stop on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation
five, Xbox one and Xbox series X. And last but not least forks must die three on PC,
PlayStation four, Xbox one and Xbox series X. All right. Going to Japan and looking at some of the
releases there on the switch this week, we have Sengoku Kohime Otome Kenran Sengoku Imaki comes
out in a regular and limited edition this week for the Nintendo switch. And, uh, it's kind of
a slower week in Japan. This week is the only other release we have here is a Renai, uh, Kari
Chamimashita, uh, is out as well on the switch this week. Uh, trying to see if things are a
little more exciting on the PlayStation four or five. Uh, we do have Utawari Umono,
Zan two is, uh, out in a regular and a premium edition, uh, this week on the PlayStation five
and the PlayStation four also has that same game coming out on that. Um, but that is really it.
It's, uh, somewhat of a slower week. I think last week there was a ton in Japan. So it's
a little slower this week, but, um, still some stuff. Well, we have some stuff for the UK.
Um, on the 20th, we have blasphemous deluxe edition. Um, Chris tales also on the 20th on
the 21st, right in four. I love the right end games. Um, the Sims cottage living, uh,
Akiba's trip, hell, uh, hell bound and debriefed on the 23rd further on the 23rd. We also have
cooking mama cook star. There's still cooking mama, um, lost words. Is that the one that mines
your Bitcoin on your, uh, on the switch? Remember that old wacky thing? I think it came out that
actually wasn't true, but still is hilarious headlines. Sorry, Jamie. I had to go and then
Peter's going to make another version of it. Um, so, uh, urban trial tricky. Um, the keep
also comes out. Um, we have necromunda hired gun and blue fire. Blue fire looks kind of cool.
All right. We have some more stories and then we'll get to your emails if there are any,
or some of your discord posts and drag talk, your chat comments as well. We'll get to all
that in just a moment, but first some more stories. Loki. Yes. So everybody's still
frustrated with the Nintendo switch joy con controllers drifting. Um, so there has been a new
kind of fixed proposed online. If you don't want to send your joy cons into Nintendo,
they have them repaired, um, using some cardboard and basically throwing that in there. I think it's
on top of the battery and basically applying some more pressure to the actual, um, joystick itself
to, uh, prevent it from drifting. So I probably going to try that at some point because I know
I've replaced the analog six in most of the joy cons that we have, although it broke one of them
doing that. So that was fun. Um, but I still have a future to fix. And so it means worth a shot,
I guess it's been working for people. It's interesting that valve was actually asked
about that steam deck thing they're doing. Does do the, do the joysticks drift. Somebody actually
fucking asked them that. And I thought that was a very hilarious question. They wouldn't,
they wouldn't know like until, because it's not something that would appear until like months
later. I wouldn't tell anybody anyway. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Uh, it's our joysticks are garbage,
you know? Yeah. Do you, I think it's also, Nintendo was asked that about the OLED model
and they declined to comment like they're not done shit. Well, because class action is either
happening already or it's going to happen. And so Nintendo is not going to say a goddamn thing
about it. That's why they can't do it. They're not obviously not it. Obviously it is. And it's, um,
well, and also for them to comment on it with the OLED would be for them to acknowledge it exists
on the regular one. Although I don't disagree with you. It's probably going to be a problem
on the OLED, but that's the real issue for them to say yes, the OLED is fine is in, in also kind
of conversely saying it's not fine. And that's just going to add fire to the class action.
That's why they won't answer it. Well, yeah. And the worst part about it too, is like even on,
um, was it the, um, was it the switch light is they, those dripped as well. And that you can't
replace those only can't, you know, replace them easily. You have to take it apart or,
you know, send it to Nintendo. So yeah. Oh boy. All right. Until then car,
I love that the chat is lighting up about cardboard. Uh, Bobby Blackwell says,
Nintendo Labo to the rescue. There you go. Since Nintendo just said, you know,
fuck Labo at this point, you can, uh, repurpose it there to fix your joy cons. Perfect. Uh,
orange. Right. And chat says cardboard. It can fix joy cons and 2d X controllers.
Do you remember your machines? Do you remember when folks would have to shave down the keys on
their 2d X controllers to get them to work better? I remember that was the thing. Hey,
that was the best part. I still have cardboard. Yeah. In my 2d X controllers in that closet,
the best part of the U S beat mania release was those controllers. Everybody wanted those
controllers because they were so much better, even though they didn't really change that much,
but they fixed the sticky key problem. Yeah. It's crazy. Hey Rob. I still have both of mine.
Oh, that's nice. That's good. I, my, uh, beat media controller should be around somewhere,
but, um, I've got two Japanese ones and two us ones. That's awesome. And I have,
I still have an official five key controller. Oh, fine. And an off-market five key controller.
I wish we had a pop and music controller. I wish we could revisit this stuff on home console,
but you know, I can't find my copy of Para Para. I have, I have my biscuits. I don't have a game.
I'm sure you could find a way to play it. All right. Some other announcements from this week,
like we said it earlier in the show, it was a busy week. We had some announcements from El Gato. Um,
because, um, you know, more and more people are getting into streaming and influencing and that
sort of thing. Um, you know, and I was talking about this a little bit with Bobby on our,
our call tonight, but, um, you know, there's even whole sections at stores like Best Buy that are
dedicated to, so you want to be an influencer and some of the tech equipment that you need
for that. Well, no, I should actually, I promptly skipped that session, that section.
It's important. I reword this that they say you need, you don't need anything as you need drive.
You need a habit. You need, those are the things you need, but you do kind of need a computer.
Uh, if you have a phone, uh, if you had, there's other ways to do stuff. It just depends on what
you want to do. You don't necessarily like, and that's the thing about like the Best Buy
these things. It's not just about, uh, Twitch streaming. Maybe you want to do makeup tutorials
for YouTube. Maybe you want to, uh, film sketch comedy. Maybe you want to do the Tic Tac. Is that
what the kids are calling it? The Tic Tacs? You want to be a Tic Tac star? Uh, that's all along
with this too. So anyway, El Gato is kind of really trying to make itself like the, the
community, like four streamers. So they're releasing a lot of this, uh, stuff that's
branded for this. And they, they did a lot of announcements this week. They announced a new
mic arm. That's like a hundred dollars. That'll make your, uh, mic cable transparent and all that
stuff by hiding it inside the arm. Uh, they announced a new version of the stream deck with
customizable faceplates. Woo. Pop them on and off and change them. Sure. I do want the new stream
deck because I'm using the mini. Yeah. Um, and, uh, one of the other announcements they made
though, and I do think this is interesting is their own new webcam. So an El Gato branded
webcam. And what I think is interesting about, so they're calling it the face cam.
And what's interesting about this is it's taking cues from why a lot of people buy the really
expensive 500, $600 cameras, and then hook them up as webcams on their computer, even though that's
not what they're really for. So what they're trying to do, it's not 4k. So it is missing that,
but, uh, through this El Gato software, which we have to remember is also a big part of what
El Gato does is all the software to support what it does, um, is that through the camera hub,
you can do contrast, exposure, white balance. Uh, you basically, you can format and like the
lighting and the way it's reading and all that stuff. You can make it kind of look like a really
expensive camera through like the software and through the face cam. So kind of interesting,
although it should be noted, it has to be plugged in your system directly. It doesn't seem to work
through a hub. That's what a lot of the early reviews are saying, uh, is that, uh, and also,
um, you, it needs, it's going to meet, you need USB-C for the high speed. Um, so something to
look at there. I think it's interesting though. It's $200, but it's a higher end webcam. So,
um, yeah, I mean, I don't know how well they'd run on the, well, no, it's, it's just a camera,
so it should run fine as long as the software works on the Mac, but I would consider getting
one for the studio. So it'd be interesting. Um, Bobby in chat says I stream in 720 P so it's
fine. Oh, talking about like the whole 4k and all that. Yeah. Yeah. Unless you're doing like full
face cam face stuff, like, you know, on YouTube or something like that, you know, but even then
you'd probably have a DSLR anyway. So for most things it's going to be fine. You're not going
to be 4k shrunken down to like a tiny little thing in the corner. I know people that use 4k cameras
and it looks great. It looks really good. Like not going to lie. Um, but it's probably not,
I would say you'd probably get more value out of that. If you double it up, like you're using it
as like, not just your webcam, but you do other kinds of shoots with it too. I'm using a 4k camera,
your phone using my phone. Yeah. So the quality is even better because I paid for the app for,
um, to link it up to OBS and it looks even better because it'll do it in full 4k on OBS. I mean,
my streaming isn't that high, but it will do it. But even though discord, you know, squishes it
down just because that's the nature of how we have to record it. If you were sending me a 4k image
that I, I, my system wouldn't be able to keep up. So, um, but it still looks good.
I'm using one called camo studio to do for a discord. And I mean, it's, it's 720 P,
but it's, uh, you know, HD, it looks good. It's 30 frames per second, which is fine for discord.
Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, speaking of new releases, I think this one's great. Dark Sakura.
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Um, wait. Oh yeah. You know what? I completely didn't open the story.
My bad. It's all right. I need one. You want to tell us about it? No,
I'm going to go buy one now. Bye. You want competition on the pre-orders.
So LG is doing
a great brand new TV that, you know, everyone's going to need it. Everyone's going to want this.
Um, it's, uh, a 17 inch, uh, four, three CRT television. It is the LG Siri S E R I E one.
Um, and yeah, it's a, it's classic CRT. It has a Famicom hookup hooked up to it in the picture.
Oh, that's awesome. See, finally, somebody coming to the rescue of all of these old CRTs,
which if you don't know what that is, that, that talks about the tube that's inside those
old televisions. That's what they have. The fat backs that are very heavy. Those are all
which all your old arcade machines have them, all our old retro systems ran on them.
And so, you know, as those CRTs are dying and nobody makes them anymore until now,
you know, they're very hard to replace and some people don't, especially with retro.
What? This story is from 2010. What?
Who put this in for this week? I went back and looked at the date.
And yeah. All right. Sorry guys. Somebody put it in there, sold out. Yeah. Yeah. Well,
the webpage is gone. Somebody, uh, put it in the pool for this week. So that's, uh,
an oops on our part. How did that get dug up all these years later? Well, that happens.
You know what? Old news circulates sometimes comes back up because I'm sure somebody must've
pulled it from social media or something like that. Well, um, Hey, Ubisoft is, uh, doing a
brand new Tom Clancy game. Yeah. See, so not to throw anybody under the bus, but dark to see a
posted it on our forums or on our little thing and says, I came across this on Twitter.
So it's still floating around right now. As this is what I tell people on Facebook,
on Twitter, on everything, check the date. I'm with Tay announced in 2010,
but due to global supply chain issues, it'll be released next month.
That I'm mad because I want one Nintendo TV. Maybe it is with a Famicom attached to it, but
yeah. All right. Things happen. And you know what, again, if it was making the rounds on
Twitter, here's some really notable news. Hmm. Among Us has been translated into Irish Gaelic.
Oh, that's random, but cool. Yeah. All right. Uh, I think we have another story here and I
think this is Loki's. Yeah. So, um, we can, I guess, talk a little bit about how
Mario is got this unique version that's been donated now to, uh, a museum. So there was a
rare PC port of super Mario brothers three, uh, that was being worked on by its software,
or I guess in this case, it's ideas from the deep and, um, it never came to fruition,
but they did put a demo out or like start working on a demo. And now it's in the Strong National
Museum of Play, which is in Rochester, New York. Um, but yeah, it says the individual who donated
it was a game developer and it was something that they didn't expect to see, but, um, something that
at least they'd heard was rumored to be a thing. Um, what's interesting though is since the
development didn't go forward with it, they use the effort that they put into it. And, um,
I guess maybe even some of the code or whatever to develop to commander keen. I knew it. I knew
the first time I played that commander keen, I'm like, this is just super Mario brothers three,
but like, you know, and this is back in, back in the day, but is it, you know, and again,
the Mario PC thing isn't new news because again, that, that I know, uh, the video was out, you know,
several years ago when this was first brought up and everything. But, um, the news here is that
now other people will get to see it in a museum. It's not just this, you know, kind of secret thing
that is like one video of it exists that was put out there. Um, that's just kind of cool, but like,
I, and even if you go back and watch that video now, you hear so much of like commander keen in
it. It's so interesting. Yeah. Um, pretty cool. Yeah. As Joe and Hunter Matt says,
I'm like an hour from this museum. Now I'll have to go there at some point.
Yeah. Give us the scoop. Tell us what it's all about. Uh, I made a bad dad joke. Yes, I saw,
I saw. And for more of that, you can join our chat. All right. Yeah. No one special in chat
says commander. Keen was one of my first steam purchases in 2013. Hmm. Interesting. All right.
Let's move on. I got one more story for you guys, and then we're going to wrap up for the night.
Uh, and that has to do with a classic game called chips challenge and chips challenge. A lot of
folks know from, uh, I think it was in like an old windows expansion thing. Uh, for a classic game
while I was out once. Yeah. I'm pretty sure we had to have, yeah. It was a windows game collection
or something like that. I can't remember what it was called, but I had it. I remember there's like
a windows 95 or one of those, like a game expansion thing. Yeah. Well, there's a console
port coming for this game. Uh, it's coming for the super Nintendo and I believe the Genesis as well.
Yeah. A company called retro room games is remaking the Microsoft entertainment pack. That's
it. That's it. Uh, it was originally on the links in 1989. I knew it was like an early game for one
of those. I think I have a copy for links. I think everybody has a copy of this game somewhere. And
again, I've mentioned this on the show before the guy who originally made this game is actually
somebody I know through other like games where he lives here. So I need to, I need not here,
but he lives in the area. So I need to have him on the show at some point. Cause now,
especially that this is news, uh, I'd be very curious to get his take on all this thing.
So maybe I'll have to do that. I'll have to send him an email or a message and see if he's willing
to come on the show. Um, but yeah. Uh, so, uh, let's see. This is going to, uh, of course. Oh,
yeah. The chips challenge had the, uh, re-release on steam in 2015. And then there was a chips
challenge too as well. Um, so yeah, now you can get a new pal or NTSC format, super Nintendo and
Sega Genesis version of this. Uh, there is a box and instruction manual, just like the way games
used to be. Uh, and then a 49 99, if you want to get the box, the instructions and all that
good stuff, 24 99, if you just want the cart by itself, which I think is an interesting option
in a way to do it. So they're still making super Nintendo games in the year 2021. How about that?
And a classic at that. Pretty cool. All right. Any other old ass games you want to see ported
to an old ass system? Uh, maybe, maybe, uh, doctor says they gave it away on steam. I have
it in my collection. I remember playing it as abandonware, but I really like it. Yeah.
So it's a fun game. It's a classic. All right. Let's get to our next segment,
which is the listener round table. Uh, so every week we invite your questions via our chat room
over at twitch.tv slash vog network. And we also appreciate your emails over at participate at
orange lounge, radio.com is the place to send your emails. Um, so we'd like to, uh, welcome that now,
except I don't think we have any emails this week, right? Nope. Well, that's unfortunate.
You should send us more emails. Um, but that's all right. I understand. Uh, usually when we
don't get any emails, uh, it's an excuse for dark soccer and I to talk about drag race.
I'm still behind. I don't. Yeah. I don't think I have a lot to say. You do that. I will say
this current season, this all-star six is, you know, for as much shit as it got for being on
paramount plus as opposed to VH one. I think I understand now why they did this season,
because it's a really good season. It's probably the best all-star since two. I mean,
ask me again when it's over. Cause it could have a shitty ending like all-stars three.
Uh, although I love the queen that won all stars three. I, we all hate how that last episode went
down. We all know it was, it just made everything look bad. Um, I think it took away from that
queen's win, which is unfortunate. Um, but anyway, uh, so ask me when all-stars six is over,
but so far it's on track to be one of like the better seasons, uh, of all-stars.
So you'll have to check it out. All right. We'll make that quick discussion tonight.
Let's talk about other stuff. Uh, how about last minute stories? If you have any, um,
I do. So take two is removing some old grand theft auto mods using DMZ take down notices.
This showed up on our discord. Yeah. Yeah. So they're doing that on mod DB. Um, there's several
pretty big and yet pretty old mods. Like for example, GTA Liberty city, which was a
toll conversion of vice city that brought, um, Liberty city from GTA three into the vice city
engine, uh, GTA underground, which merged, I guess, several of the maps from different
games together. And those had received different takedown notices. Basically, it sounds like that
the re they're going to re-release these games is what it sounds like to me, but, um, they've tried
to do this in the past with other things. There was that whole, um, I think where they re reverse
engineered the code for, I think it was vice city or grant without three and basically, um,
you know, where you built the games and poured on the different things. Um, so they had taken
it down at one time. And since the code was original, it was all based off of like kind
of figuring it out that, you know, they really couldn't do anything. So they put that back
online. Um, but yeah, this isn't, this isn't the first time that they've tried to swing that
around, but I mean, this stuff's been on the internet forever. It's probably not going to go
away. All right. Not on a mod DB. So I'm going to do something a little different here that I
haven't done in a very long time. And maybe you can consider this a pilot of sorts for a particular
feature here on the show to come back. Um, I'm going to do this live, but somebody wanted to
call in and talk to us tonight. And I think that is a lovely idea. So I would like to welcome to
the show tonight, our voiceover man, mr. Jason is with us tonight. Hi, Jason.
One of the few times that I get more than 13 seconds to endlessly,
uh, are you going on cam tonight or no? I did not think about it. No. For the sake of time. No.
Then let me go back. Okay. Well, that's gonna, all right. That's fine. That's the joy of doing
this live is that you have, uh, all that. All right. That's all right. We'll figure it out.
Uh, hi. Uh, so what is on your mind? Yes. I, I, and the listeners need to understand
you. Thanklessly do the intro, the outro and all that stuff every week here on the show.
So, you know what, if you've got something to say, well, God damn it, I'm going to make sure
you get to come in here and say it because you know, you do so much for OLR. And I really hope
people understand that, um, O O L R really wouldn't happen the way it does if it wasn't for you. So
yeah, I absolutely appreciate that. And I'm always willing to throw in however possible. And
a lot of my participation has been exactly that it's like, Hey, I want to see this thing better.
So boom, let's do that. Um, I, I wanted to talk about, uh, a theme, like a lot of,
a lot of the intros I do are typically just for fun and I tend to avoid the headline because the
headline is the most obvious thing. You're going to spend the most time on it. Everybody's heard
about it. I don't need to use my time in that. So let's do something a little bit different.
This week is the, uh, exactly as I said for E3, uh, you know, last month, the, uh, the,
the very quiet intro, making the joke about how I don't like repeating myself, which is a hundred
percent true thing about myself. Um, E3 is happening. Well, uh, you know, completely
unsurprising news of the week. Um, but like the theme of this night that was kind of running
around my head has been really interesting too, because we talk that the continual evolution of
gaming platforms and systems and everything else and our particular arrangement on it, you, Rob,
you said the very same thing that I, that, that, that applies to me. I work from home.
If I commute, it's me driving. Um, I am intensely interested in the steam deck, but I don't know
where it fits in in my life. Um, because yeah, like my, my switch is generally docked. I don't
take it with me when I go somewhere because I'm the driver. Same. I'm I'm with you obviously.
Yeah. We're on the same page there. It's like, I don't do a lot. The most portable gaming I do
is when I'm flying, when I'm on airplanes, when was the last time I got on a plane here in the
year 2021, it's been a long time. Now I am planning to attend dragon con. Um, that is still
on the table. Um, as a vaccinated individual, I know what my risks are. I don't have children.
I'm not worried that if I were to somehow catch COVID during all this, you know, as a, again,
being vaccinated, I'm going to be fine. I don't have any kids to pass it to. Um, I plan to hang
out with other vaccinated individuals at dragon con. I'm going to cut back on some of the big,
big stuff, uh, that usually happens. But anyway, my point is I'm going out there. I do plan to fly.
That's the only time I'll probably actually play the switch, not in docked mode. Uh,
he's doing, and to sync sync multiple hundreds of dollars in for, uh, you know, not, not a one-off
use, but by no means a regular use as a heck of an investment to make in that kind of a situation.
Yeah. And so like, as I've gotten, as I've gotten more and more into, uh,
uh, big daddy businessman pants, um, it, it frustrates me to, to have the adult mentality
about it, that I want to know what steam's expectations are. And I think like, this is,
this is why, um, journalists, non-investing journalists getting in and investor calls has
been such a big thing. I want to know what their targets are because the actual number of people
that I expect to buy the steam, uh, the, uh, the steam deck at a given price point off being offset
with how much of a certain skew they produce, uh, if they're taking a loss on the hardware,
which they do because they have, you know, they have their, their cut of all of the gobs and gobs
of software they sell. Um, like I want to know where their expectation is in order to
you expect the longevity of this device, because it is a subset of a subset PC gamers have PCs.
I, you know, some people may, you know, uh, families, multiple kids, all this kind of stuff.
There's a, there's a place for playing it on TV and a big group playing it on the TV when the
computers otherwise in use, uh, school children, for example, those sorts of things. But that's a,
you know, that's, that's a subset. And the second subset is people that don't already have
consistent means of accessing something. Those people that today would go to a library,
which isn't conducive to gaming a land center, which is, but is less, you know, less available
around the U S and around the world. Um, it's, it's the target seems so small, but it is such
a compelling idea. You know, I do really like the concept of that. It's basically like an,
especially in this day and age where we live in now where it's, it's impossible to get new graphics
cards and some of these things, I kind of like that. It's almost like a, a, a entry-level PC
of sorts. Like I almost wonder if the steam deck wouldn't have a purpose as being a kid's computer
to do their homework on a relatively cheap way of doing that. I mean, okay. Yeah, you have,
you know, you can get a really cheap Chromebook to do a lot of that, I'm sure. But I like this
as kind of like the net. Like we all know, like you get what you pay for with a hundred dollar
laptop, you get a hundred dollar laptop. You're going to have the web Skype. You're not really
gonna play games on it, right? I like, this is kind of like a middle ground where it's like,
and you can play quite a few games too on this. It may not be top of the line. It may not be the
biggest graphics fidelity, but it kind of works as like a basic PC for a college kid or a high
school kid. I think that is very fascinating to me. Yeah. And then Jamie said the same thing,
me and her are completely in agreement about this. That like we being Linux using technically
sophisticated, technically, technically, technically broad and experimental individuals
could absolutely go to town on this for that particular. Yeah. And I've given some thought
to SteamOS again today in lieu of these announcements, because I knew it used to be
Debian based. I always mix up if it was Debian Ubuntu, but I only recently learned that they
moved to Arch, which everybody is figuring is going to be what's going to be backing,
what's going to be backing the device physically when it comes out, assuming there is no big
other change since then in as much as a Linux distribution actually matters, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah. And so I completely agree with you with everything that you said, Rob, but reiterate
that that's a subset of a subset. This is advertised to gamers. So for somebody to realize,
oh, I can use this couple hundred dollar gaming thing for all of these other purposes.
If you would still need to buy a keyboard, you could, you probably are only going to use
schoolwork stuff when docked on a screen to which conversely, yes, those cheaper laptops that are
actually laptops, general advertisers, general purpose exist. The pie for hundreds in particular,
the the computer in the keyboard models, I have one. Those things are friggin superb.
And they're even cheaper. I think it's important to say, though, that is all in the marketing.
And that would be things that they could bring up in year two and year three. For example,
Beyonce did not appear in ads for the Nintendo 3DS the first year. No, they got her to do those
ads when that thing was already four or five years old to try to reach more people. In other words,
anybody who likes any type of music, because Beyonce is, you know, universal in the music world.
But you get what I'm saying, like, you know, those types of like celebrity endorsements and things
like that, those don't come until you usually I mean, of course, I'm sure and chat, you're
probably gonna say, but what about this? What about this? Yes, of course, there's exceptions
to every rule. But usually those types of big celebrity endorsements and that expansion of,
you know, what is this for comes later in the cycle. So I think it's it's subcultural. It's
subcultural endorsement. Let's take an example. Tommy Tallarico. It's subcultural before it's
mainstream cultural when you have demonstrated your success, the value that you can provide in
both directions. Yeah, absolutely. And that's that's the give and take like valve. What is
when has valve ever marketed that you conversely to that valve markets through steam like have they
ever had a TV commercial like they could have a banner ad but outside of their service like where
else do you hear about steam? Where else do you hear about valves products by valve outside of
steam? Um, I wonder there could there there could legitimately be answers to this. I don't
I don't watch TVs. I use ad blockers. You know, I'm I'm actually I'm actually I'm legitimately
asking this at large. I'm not expecting the direct answer from you. But like because I avoid
advertisements like the plague. I am actually just not exposed to this kind of thing. And I'm a bad
barometer for mainstream advertising. Um, I guess my quick answer to that is but you know about it.
So they got you somehow. No, they didn't get you through advertising. But you know about
as I read because I read these new right. I'm in this community. They have the techies. They need
to advertise in the non techie spaces when they're ready to recruit those people. I think that's my
short and sweet kind of response to that, I guess. All right. Um, I do want to answer this, though,
because I actually you know, I love your chatters. The part of why you guys are here is so that we
have diverse opinions and discussion and things like that. I'm going to say to this comment,
I really disagree. And Rama, sorry, but it's you. Rama says, Oh, dang, I scrolled it off the
screen. Now I've called them out. And then I don't even have the receipts here to read.
How did Oh, there it is. The steam deck is just Gabe thumbing his nose at Nintendo. Nothing else
more. I super disagree with that statement, actually. Here's the thing. Here's the thing.
And Rama, I will give you this. I do it is the steam deck a response of sorts to the Nintendo
Switch. Yes, that part I will agree. Did they think about the steam deck before they ever
saw a Nintendo Switch? I doubt it. Not in this form that it's in now anyway, they might have
thought about like portable, you know, but they I think the switch paved the way for this to exist.
That being said, go ahead, Jimmy. Just bear in mind also to research and development time.
Yes, that so it can't be a reaction to this new switch, it had to have been in process for a
while. That being said, if I'm at Nintendo, and I'm seeing this right now, I don't give a shit.
Like I'm looking at this going, that's really interesting. But I remember they ever at the
end of the day, they're not going to give a shit like and they didn't do that with the PSP or any
that other stuff. And the reason why is because let's not forget what Nintendo is very good at
making games. And Nintendo Switch is always going to be the only place you can play Mario,
Zelda, Metroid, and all of those Pokemon. That is why now going back to what you are, you know,
and giving again, I'm not like saying like, everything you say is wrong. I there there
are elements of this that I do think work here, going back to what I said earlier. Now,
this is why I am surprised. And if valve really was trying to punch Nintendo in the face here,
this is what you would have seen. This is why I'm surprised valve did not have the valve game
that is better on this thing that is not going to come out on Nintendo Switch ie portal three ie
left for dead three ie half life three. There is no half life three you stupid slut.
Yeah, this whole this whole especially for for three hosts that have been doing a show for a
human's entire developmental life. Like we can we can take this conversation back endlessly. People
people see a steam link. Jesus. They see a stream dreck. Oh, I mean, God, these freaking words this
week have been a nightmare. People see a steam deck and visually draw an immediate contrast to
the switch. But the only thing that a steam deck is, is a steam controller and an untethered steam
machine. This is not like, you know, a completely a completely copy paste job or new in the making
development of valves own products. This isn't a new like this isn't a new development in the PC
series. There was a series of PCs back in the mid aughts. I think I even remember it in high school.
There was a computer that was basically like a T T mobile sidekick a hip top sidekick called the
O Q O. That was the same fucking thing with a physical keyboard. Even to this day, I saw
somebody saying, hey, to to to denounce to downplay the oh, they're they're doing they're targeting
Nintendo. The GPD win has existed for I actually don't even know how long I'm gonna I'm gonna say I
think they're already on the third iteration of that. Exactly. Exactly. Okay, so and Rama Rama's
pushing back a little bit here and I understand I get it. And I want to bring in some of the same
stuff you're bringing up Jason. So says Rama says in chat when the switch became this popular,
let's not forget that there are other manufacturers doing the same thing. I present
the Aya Neo and the GPD win two and three. So you're wrong, my friend. So here's the thing and
then goes on to say same thing, man, Nintendo created others want to copy. In that kind of
context, I think we do have some similar ground. But there's a difference in my opinion between
that and doing something to kind of like get at Nintendo or challenge Nintendo. Here's the
parallel that comes to my mind. I don't know who did it first. In my mind, it was Oreo that did it
first. And let me explain what that is. What Oreo did first, I think, was they started putting out
all of those fucking flavors. And I mean, a lot of fucking flavors. I mean, there's the Oreo
peanut butter. There's the Oreo strawberry. There's the Oreos that taste like
a s'mores. There's the Oreos that taste like carrot cake. They probably have ass Oreos at
this point for those. If you if you love ass, have an ass Oreo. That is probably a thing that exists.
My point. Everybody saw what was happening with Oreo and was like, huh, that's a pretty good idea.
Let's try that our way. They're not necessarily doing it to compete with Oreo. They're doing it
to expand their own longevity. And what I'm talking about is breakfast cereals. Now you
go into the store and granted, of course, Nabisco is one of the cereal makers, so they probably
stole from themselves. But you also have General Mills and other companies. And now it's oops,
all berries, which is memed all the time now. Right. As a flavor or banana frosted flakes,
which is the fucking yummiest flavor thing I have ever had. Does it does it taste like the
extinct Cavendish or like current bananas? It it tastes good. That's all I know is that
and all of those other banana flavoring. Right. Yes. Now there's now there's wheat thins in all
sorts of different flavors. You name it. There's a million different flavors. And I kind of so. So
my my comparison here is that I think it's more that valve saw Nintendo making a new,
making a new flavor here and going, huh, we should try doing what we do in a similar flavor.
But that's not to say that, oh, now you're no longer going to buy Oreos because you're going
to buy this. I think it's that both can actually kind of coexist side by side for a lot of people.
Say nothing of the DSP, the PS Vita. Yes. If you don't have if you've got the disposable income
for it, buy whatever the fuck you want. End of story. Yeah. Yeah. Whoever, whoever,
whoever was first, whoever was best, like all those arguments are always going to happen.
And they're, they're, they're moot because in the grand scheme of things,
the grand scheme of things is made up of every individual story and exactly as Jamie just said,
get in it for you. Do what it is for you. You do have to calculate, you know,
you do have to consider the longevity, you know, if this flops and steam discontinues it,
what does that mean for breakage and repair? How long did I link my Engage? Let my Engage along.
How long did Loki keep Azuya before he sold it off? Not long. I got it. I got to wrap up because
we're almost to midnight, but I think that this steam deck conversation is certainly not going
away at the end of the day. I want to play one. I feel like there is a lot I'm saying here. That's
just kind of like feeling, um, because I haven't had my hands on one yet. I feel like I can answer
a lot more about how does it really compare to a switch once I actually play it right now. It's
just thoughts anyway, Jason, great topic. Anything else you want to say before we let you go and wrap
up the show tonight? We opine because we can't opine and we are here to provide insight and
consideration to people. A system is only good as the games that are on it. Your choice is your
choice for your own reasons. You do the research. Jason, thanks so much for being on the show and
thanks again for all you do. And I would say this pilot was a bit of a success. So for those of you
that have been asking for this to come back, I think we'll have to look into that. So thanks,
Jason. You take care. Are we making a note here? Huge success. All right. I'm going to pull you
out of the chat. Take care, Jason. Later. All right. There we go. That worked out very well.
And at the end of the day, I only play fight with Rama. It's not a real fight. I play fight with
Rama because he's one of my favorite people and I know I can do that with him. Let's see. Lots of
great stuff in chat right now. The one other comment I wanted to read, because it is also
topical. It has to do with that comment about the Microsoft tweet as Joe and her map
says. God damn it, it keeps going on the screen. Listen, the official Xbox Twitter account said
this week to the people in our replies saying PS five is better. The best console is the one
you enjoy playing. Have fun. That's a very. Exactly. It's such a different perspective
on things than the days of Genesis does what Nintendo don't. It's now I feel like everybody's
holding hands and singing. We're all in this together. And maybe that has to do. This has
to do something with maybe the state of the games industry where unfortunately layoffs, closures
and change in the industry is so common that people really do create a big family of sorts in
the game development industry where it's really about, you know, holding hands with each other
and not necessarily. Wanting to fight. So anyway. Good, good discussion. I did see one other
question chat that I thought was worth a quick, quick discussion before we wrap up tonight.
No one special had asked, and I'm going to paraphrase here because it scrolled off the
screen. But what is the worst game you have ever played? The worst video game you've ever played.
And I thought that was a cute question. So WCW Thunder. And why was it the worst?
Well, it was so bad that an hour after bringing it home,
Dan and I turned around and took it back to blockbuster. It was that bad.
Oh, yes, I remember that. I do. Hey, you stop it.
Don't confuse the PC version with mobile, OK? The point I do taste isn't a lot of people I
watch stream dead by daylight say this is that behavior gets away with a lot of shit.
Like behavior is sometimes resting on those licenses that they have that, you know,
create the multiverse of horror films and that that game is so fucking buggy. Sometimes they
really do get away with a lot. So, yeah. Right. It's a crazy addiction.
Tay says, I hate that fucking cursed game, but I can't stop playing it. That's a discussion for
another week. What is a fucking cursed thing you can't stop doing? Whether that's playing a game
or whatever it is. All right. Let's see. So so dark soccer, I know you're going to bow out so
you can set up for the post stream. Yeah. Anything last you thought you want to get
out here while we give our own worst games and then wrap up here. Have your neighbors
spayed and neutered. All right. Thank you, Jamie. I wish I could sometimes,
but it's already too late. No, just just find one person, just one person that you interact with
and say something really kind to them. That's all do one kind act. OK, I want to see where it goes.
All right. Take care, Jamie. Thanks for being here. We'll see you in a little bit.
All right. Loki, do you have a worst game you've ever played?
I'm sure I blocked it from my memory if I did. The only thing that sort of
I can kind of vaguely remember Bullet Witch and that was terrible.
That's the only one I could think of right now, because if it was so bad, I wouldn't remember it.
Fusion Frenzy two on the Xbox 360. Yeah, that is very terrible. Fucking garbage, hot Mario party.
I thought it was going to be, but it was not garbage. That was a bad game. I remember some
eight bit knockoff games, too, like from the companies that couldn't even get the actual
Nintendo seal of approval. I like Back to the Future two and three, because like I bought
Back to the Future two and three because I saw like Nintendo Power Cover, like the original
Back to the Future NES game. And those games were not like the Back to the Future one game.
They were very different and not very good. My other answer and all my music game fans out there
and the roots of our show and everything, listen up, because I know you're going to agree with
this answer. Worst game I've ever played? Beat and Groovy, the American version of pop music
on the Xbox 360. Fucking terrible. Oh, yeah. Pop culture says Lollipop Chainsaw. You know,
that game had it looked like it had potential, but yeah. All right. Let's wrap up and get
final thoughts and close up shop here tonight. Or actually, I don't know if you have any other
last minute stories quickly, Loki? I don't.
Okay. We're after nine o'clock anyway, which is midnight on the East Coast. So we do want
to wrap up. Final thoughts. We are at the end of the show. Thank you very much for tuning in.
And whether you participated with us live on Twitch, or if you downloaded our podcast on
Spotify, iTunes, wherever it is you listen to podcasts, please help us spread the word.
Tell a friend about the show because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But if the voices aren't here to put out on air, auto hosts on Twitch, they go an awful long way
as well. And we really appreciate those. You don't have to, but if you feel so inclined,
check out the shop over at vognetwork.com slash shop. We have some Orange Dance Radio t-shirts
and you can get some other merch for the Bobby Black Wolf show and VOG Network in general.
And I'm sure more to come in the future. So check that out over at vognetwork.com slash
shop if you are wanting some new threads or some stickers, lots of things in there.
That's it. Let's get final thoughts tonight. Loki, your final thoughts.
That's SSJ100. Matt says I got mad at some of the newer Saints Row games.
I was more disappointed in them. Like they could have been so much better.
Not necessarily mad. Now, probably if I played Agents of Mayhem, maybe I'd get mad. But no,
it's just that they had so much potential. I'm so I'm very like, let me put it this way, the next
Saints Row game Volition announces. I mean, I'm gonna buy it day one.
I don't care what four turned out like. I'm obviously going to drop money for that whenever
they announce that. And I will be happy to answer this question from Tay. What is the best way to
financially support the show directly? Thank you for that. That's very kind that people would want
to do that word of mouth and spreading the word. That's the number one thing we want. We've never
asked for money from the beginning. But yes, I know there's still people that say, but we want
to. And I really appreciate that. So yes, biddies and subs here on Twitch, like a lot of other
streamers on that does go back into the network. And especially as we're talking about sponsoring
conventions such as I believe VOG Network is sponsoring again, the Southern Fried Gaming Expo
that's coming back in a few weeks as I know Bobby brought it up on his show tonight. And he's doing
some panels there. And then as things start to come back on the West Coast, I'm hoping we can
do that as well. And that's going to really get the word out as well. That goes a long way. So
yes, biddies and subs and the shop is great too, because we do get a portion of those proceeds.
And then what I like about that is that you get something too. You get a shirt, you get a sticker,
you get whatever it is you want to buy. So honestly, any of those things we appreciate.
But yeah, word of mouth, bits, subs, it's all great. And we really appreciate it.
VOG Network is a legit business and that isn't cheap to do if you believe it or not. So it's
all because you have to pay for all the registration of your LLC and the PO box
that we have and all the stuff that kind of goes into it. So appreciate that very much.
And I'm really excited to get back out there and spread the word live at live events again.
I cannot wait for the next TwitchCon, which is interesting because I haven't been in years. The
first TwitchCon I went to kind of got me into wanting to do more Twitch streaming and live
streaming. I can't wait to go again. So anyway, we really do need to wrap up. My final thought,
that really kind of was a very long final thought, but I will also say I'm going to have, I will say
this is the final thought. I'm having surgery in about 10 days. It's nothing major. It's nothing
for you guys to be concerned about. I almost want to say it's a cosmetic procedure, but it's not.
It's not like I'm getting Botox or anything. You can't really see it here, but I have a thing on
the back of my neck and I've had it for years. And it's finally gotten to a point where it's
a little bit sore. And so we're going to get rid of it. So it's a, it's an IC, but it's an easy
thing. It's nothing to be concerned about, but still anytime you have surgery, it's kind of a
scary thing. So I appreciate any happy thoughts and all those sorts of things that you can send
my way. So I appreciate that. All right. That's it. We're going to be back in seven days to do
all again. Okay. Sound good. Have a great night, everybody. We'll see you next time. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR
Studios. To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific,
9 p.m. Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.